i 've already paid and as usual have no receipt .
my `` beef '' is the food .
it 's like printing money .
bad choice on my part ?
or , it might just not be to my palette .
also there were hairs in the sandwiches from the guy who made them .
not pleasant .
i normally tip , but not this time .
never going back !
i 'm terribly disappointed after spending a long time starving for my food .
not much else .
extremely upsetting since cheba hut will now never have my business again .
they then informed me that they had n't even started making my order yet !
i was appalled as was the employee standing next to him .
been coming here for _num_ years , consistently .
never once had any sort of issues with employees being rude , until today .
sorry cheba hut , you wo n't be getting my cash anymore .
eh it 's nothing special .
but every time i ever get food from here there 's an issue .
do not use this facility .
the staff is rude and very busy chatting with each other .
made an appointment for _num_ am .
did not see a doctor for over _num_ hours .
waiting room is dirty and has no magazines or toys for kids .
not the way to do business .
my appointment was booked and all set .
my biggest issue is the rude short notice and no choice on my part .
i tried to reach customer service and was given a number .
she then gave me a number and told me to ask for steven .
tell me would you like to be called at the last minute .
_num_ stars for roasted meats .
obviously whoever could read it would know what it 's supposed to be like .
this used to be our go-to chinese restaurant in the east valley !
hello , we 're trying to send you a message idiot .
well what can i say about best hong kong ?
there service is probably deserves a _num_ % , it 's that bad .
do n't go here if you can help it .
the service is terrible .
only thing i like is their barbecue items .
this is by far the worst place i have ever been .
we ordered peking pork chops and it tasted like orange chicken , try figure .
me and my wife had a headache as well .
it was incredible how terrible the bowl was .
there was no rice taste whatsoever .
made me wait _num_ minutes for some pan fried noodles and fried rice .
if i could rate this place _num_ stars i would .
as terrible as the service was the food was one hundred times worse .
my girlfriend and i tried this place out for the first time .
i then felt bad and filled in a _num_ % tip .
the food was slightly warm and got cold the minute i started eating .
not eating in again , i 'll take my duck to go .
service is sooo bad !
do n't want to go there any more .
a server there said she does n't welcome asu 's students .
also , she seems like impatient when we order .
roasted duck is mediocre .
the duck skin is not very crisp , but the seasoning is fine .
this was the worst chinese food i 've ever had .
i ordered cashew chicken lunch special .
the only thing i touched was the crab puff .
terrible service .
this has happened consistently that i no longer trust eating the roast duck here .
massive disappointment .
apps were greasy and bland .
the texture of the meat was weird and the sauce had literally no flavor .
but one of the servers shout at us and asks to leave .
good for cantonese style bbq with whole ducks hanging and bbq pork on display .
if i could i would give it negative stars .
we told him that one of the cabinets ( sink ) had water damage .
they said no problem bring them by .
very very disappointed with my whole experience with them .
would rather take all my stuff to the dump than back there .
it looked old and ... not renovated !
the fried chicken on the side was unexpectedly the only thing i found ok .
i went back _num_ months ago and was not happy .
big mistake .
no meat or vegetables at all .
just ramen and a lump of curry paste .
there was no greeting , no smile and no attempt to communicate .
my wife 's awful ramen came out a good _num_ minutes before my katsu .
just really surly , unfriendly service .
i 'd rather eat anything than this crap .
avoid this place .
needless to say it tasted horrible .
every ingredient in the bowl was old and of low quality including the ramen .
but everything just seems off .
usually wrong ingredients in items ... or the food just tasting off .
looked like just my kind of place .
i would not order sushi here .
the salmon was very not fresh .
the tuna was not fresh .
even the cucumber sushi was not great as it was mushy .
which is why this review is not a _num_ star .
never asked how the food was , never refilled our drinks .
i 'm not even sure we were charged the write price .
there was nobody at this place .
paid $ _num_ for an awful california roll and some edamame .
i ate one piece and could n't bring myself to eat another .
good thing i ordered edamame otherwise it would 've been a complete waste .
the food was alright , but the service was abysmal .
we live only _num_ mile away and love authentic japanese food .
what a disappointment !
the owner is n't as nice as other reviewers said .
overall , the food was better than i expected for a place in phoenix .
we waited _num_ minutes for someone to acknowledge us and take our order .
another _num_ minutes for the food .
the tofu came without rice , which took another _num_ minutes .
even when they make eye contact , they ignore you .
there were no apologies from the waiters for the wait .
they did not even smile .
the very worst part of the meal was paying .
i wish we could have given him all the tip .
menu not big enough for me .
yes .
overall , the food was mediocre .
the food prices are too high for the quality offered .
our service was terrible .
the servers would not look in our direction for _num_ minutes at a time .
it is not easy to get the waitress 's attention .
took _num_ minutes to get a menu .
another _num_ to get our drinks .
they give complimentary salad which includes iceberg lettuce ... and teriyaki sauce .
no thanks .
bulgogi : really was n't good at all .
it should be thin , and tender , and flavorful .
apparently that means zero spicy or just adding _num_ jalapeno slices into the soup .
they also brought the dishes out at different times which is bad form .
what the hell are those shrimp , and why are they on my table ?
it blows this place away on all levels .
really is n't a whole lot of good to say about this place .
been here multiple times ... busy or not busy , service is always slow .
tables are available but no one seems to want to clean them .
rude .
probably the last time i 'm coming here .
i 'm asian , so that make me a automatic expert on korean food .
the interior of this restaurant needs a renovation badly .
not worth eating out .
the `` kimchi pancake '' was tasty , but my bibimbap was quite bland .
overall , i was content with the experience , but certainly was n't impressed .
in reality , it took another hour and ten minutes to get our food .
i never stiff wait staff , having worked in food service myself .
however , they added a mandatory _num_ % gratuity to our bill .
but at that point , we were just ready to get out of there .
i mean , really ?
the lady told her they have no more potato .
but they are constantly busy , bringing out food to other tables .
but every cart is full of those side dish and the potatoes were there .
so why did they tell us there is no more potato ?
pissed me off .
just a bad day today .
too slow .
so bad .
the chicken grill is bad choice for us as well .
i taste nothing but salty overly done chicken meat .
first , i would like to say that the staff and waiters were nice .
was n't proud of that at all .
the place was decent , nothing fancy and nothing too dirty .
so overall my experience was a _num_ and a half of _num_ .
so here 's is why i gave the place a one star ... .
then , they changed owner and food quality is not as good anymore .
omg , it was the worst dinning experience we had for a long time .
first , bad service ; you seat yourself and wait .
the two waitresses were running like crazy .
the seafood pancake had only a couple of tiny shrimps in it .
that was a big surprise and a big disappointment also .
for the same price , you can get way better food and service elsewhere .
no booths , uncomfortable tables and chairs .
well , chinese take-out is at least cheap .
very bad service .
: ( went out , and went back to throw up .
: ( i truly felt like i was going to die .
rushed me to hospital .
i could n't talk , walk , or function .
absolute worst feeling in the world .
my feeling is that soup was bad .
i 'm going to talk to the manager , i want a full refund .
update : sean the owner helped to get me a full refund .
he also gave me a gift card for future use .
plus the food has always been a hit or miss .
the only constant thing i have enjoyed is the kimchi pancakes .
$ _num_ spicy octopus was like chewy rubber and totally inedible .
there are better korean restaurants around .
looking back directly at three other servers as they just stand around talking .
ca n't be all random .
even main dish is lacking ingredients and no taste .
service is so bad .
crazy place never ever had before .
sever is stupid , only one sever .
also food is tasting so bad .
wo n't come here again .
the kalbi was cooked to a good texture , but it sadly lacked flavour .
it tasted like pure spiciness , rather than having other tastes .
once again , this dish lacked flavour also .
the least worst dish , in my opinion , was the soon tofu .
i did n't want to base my review off one experience .
i know , weird .
$ _num_ for spicy pork ?
both of our dishes tasted less appetizing than usual .
it was nowhere near $ _num_ of tasty .
service is where i lost it .
water refills _num_ minutes plus .
rude !
disappointed because i really likes going there !
do not call cactus garage doors to fix your garage door !
if i could give them no stars , i would .
two weeks later , no phone call , so i called them .
worst experience ever !
they 've been here _num_ times and it is not fixed .
he lacked in social skills as well .
the female who answers the phone for cactus garage doors was just as unprofessional .
unfortunately our home warranty company chose these folks to do the job .
maybe they 'll ( home warranty co. ) come to their senses !
absolutely crap .
instead i look at my security gate to see a card sitting there .
cactus garage door was very unprofessional when it came to fixing my garage .
i would never recommend them to fix anyone 's garage .
in my case they never showed .
do not use this company .
very rude and did not do what they said they would .
poor customer service !
the tech came back out stating he screwed up .
the ones i used to go to in louisiana were good .
they had etouffee and mardi gras cheesecake that were great .
this one is awful .
the chicken was old and not fresh .
there were bugs crawling everywhere made us loose out appetite .
my friend and i had a craving for fried chicken on a saturday night .
like previous reviews stated the restaurant is very messy .
there was not a clean table in the restaurant .
i ate my chicken , even though i ordered spicy they gave me mild .
the chicken was decent but i felt dirty after sitting there for _num_ minutes .
restaurant could use a deep cleaning as its quite aged .
but i wo n't go inside due to the poor cleanliness and bugs .
but tonight was terrible .
then a lady came onto the speaker and was so rude .
i will not be returning to this location .
usually find myself trying to get in and out rather quickly .
you might even be asked for money in the parking lot .
service is basically poor and trying to communicate is difficult and a bit tricky .
normally have to repeat myself a few times to get the order correct .
ca n't resist getting several jalapenos to give the meal some additional kick .
tried the catfish on my last visit and was surprised how small it looked .
horrible service .
if i could give them zero stars , i would .
completely screwed up my order giving me regular chicken instead of chicken tenders .
do n't ever walk our of here without checking your order .
tried for an hour to call the store and no one would answer .
wrote a complaint on their corporate website and got no response .
service here is horrible .
_num_ hrs to go and no spicy breast !
he was just as amazed as i was a few minutes earlier .
shit was so bad i was afraid to feed it to my dog .
poor quality and awful management .
ordered _num_ piece and manager chicken and gave me _num_ breast .
horrible service , waited for _num_ minutes just for the fries .
this location is terrible .
if i could rate _num_ stars , i would .
the manager who took our order did n't even work at an acceptable pace .
i would n't recommend this location to anyone .
to add , once home , our order was incorrect .
with that said , this is the absolute worst location i 've ever seen .
i went there today to get a simple _num_ piece mild dinner .
one lady asked for the manager 's name and was totally ignored .
at this point myself , and a few other people got refunds and left .
they 've had long wait times for years and had recently been improving .
my problem is the employees .
the place is always dirty and the workers seem to hate being there .
now ca n't even get money back .
never ever again ... and to top it no one else was there .
picked up _num_ strips and _num_ fish strips and fries .
the fries were almost cold and not very tasty .
i think i 've ate there twice today my first and my last .
i ca n't express how disappointed i am with this business .
this customer experienced turned out to be a confused mess !
i was not happy .
i guess it just was n't my day or something .
i was incredibly disappointed .
after a long summer in flip flops i really needed this service done .
i do n't pay for a pedicure just i get nail polish put on .
not a good nail salon .
there is n't a cash register .
it 's just loose money .
the tools they use for pedicure is a bit odd .
magazine papers below your feet if you 're getting a special pedicure .
if you do n't get him , do n't expect anything special .
last weekend i had my bridal shower and got my mani done here .
she flat out told me no , that silver is better .
i said i would like pink instead , and she still said no .
as the paying customer , i should have the right to choose my colors .
i am angry and will not return to this place .
not impressed .
unfortunately service at this location is pretty pathetic .
the meat chunks were tough and not fit to eat .
the rice and beans tasted a few days old .
margarita was ok , not much alcohol though .
wo n't be back to this one at all .
decent place and people but a little run down .
the quality if beans are terrible .
if you like good coffee you do n't like starbucks .
i am very disappointed with my flower purchase here for mother 's day .
buying the upgraded bouquet did n't even last two days .
my general tso 's chicken was pretty nasty !
if i could give negative stars , i would .
very low tech .
so now , i do n't know if i should make another payment .
they are n't willing to work with you .
they do n't care about their customers .
honestly how dumb can you get ?
then the servers just happened to crash .
first thing i did was hang up .
a service fee to pay my freaking bill .
i also had the same experience as another reviewer on here , not good .
i was sent to the new chandler location , though .
the doctor had a bad bedside manner too , which i found weird .
three visits so unnecessary if everything had been done right the first time .
i am very disappointed with this .
this is ridiculous .
i 'm very disappointed with them .
the last band did not show up .
the front desk staff leaves a lot to be desired as well .
very professional considering i had made the appointment a month before .
it was $ _num_ .
this place was terrible .
this place had great food , but the service was horrible !
very poor service !
the cooks were n't paying attention to portion or size control .
it took _num_ minutes for our three entrees to be delivered .
our bolognese was mediocre at best .
it tasted like store bought tomato sauce , not hearty bolognese .
they brought me frozen creme brulee .
to make it even more painful , the deserts were $ _num_ each .
only good thing about the evening was the company .
no more than a few wine choices and a near empty wine wall .
we ordered _num_ appetizers and were really disappointed for $ _num_ each .
the waiter never poured the wine after the initial pour .
you wo n't get it here .
i was here last weekend and i was very disappointed .
the staff was n't very friendly .
and someone finally greeted me after i already looked around the whole store .
it looked like they had n't cleaned their cups in weeks .
i was so upset i had to get outta there .
it seems like the place is run by teenagers .
they 're not knowledgeable , not helpful and very unfriendly .
avoid them at all costs !
they have the most awkward customer service .
i hardly ever have been greeted properly .
only to be offered _num_ bucks off a new fish ?
so disappointing .
avoid , avoid , avoid .
unfortunately , i will no longer be a customer .
i then wished to cancel this order as i found one considerably cheaper .
( if the gentleman would have started it i would understand ) .
just out to make a quick buck in an expensive industry .
there is n't any customer service .
avoid at all costs .
extremely disappointed .
bad experience , bad customer service .
our old instructor mr brian was awesome .
the new teacher had no idea how to control him and just ignored him .
i had legitimate complaints and no one seemed to care .
the reason why this place get 's two stars is mr. brian .
if you do decide to go here , only go to mr. brian .
after that , quit .
the owner is really rude , worst costumer service .
yes is cheaper , but you deserve better .
so needless to say , this is no longer our vet .
maybe this is why he is not so busy .
he has no people skills and neither do a couple of his staff gals .
i told the owner hoping maybe i 'd get some sort of money back .
horrible business .
then tried to charge me more money !
the tux did not fit .
the owner was beyond rude !
incredibly unprofessional and talked bad about his previous customers .
he clearly does not appreciate your hard earned money .
trust me you are better off going anywhere else .
stay away .
i have been going here for years .
she said it could be between _num_ & _num_ dollars each kids .
i asked if she could narrow it down & she said no .
i do n't get this place .
as a parent of two small children , that is not all to reassuring .
so you might ask , why do we still go ?
this has gone to the point of absurd .
the bottom line , our end is taken care of .
they have been trained to not make appointments for people with past due accounts .
this is all according to our health care .
it 's come to the point that urgent care has become her primary place .
the staff that works there are incompetent as well .
worst experience of my life .
however , the ladies up front are terrible .
our must recent bad experience happened today .
we kept the same appointment time with another physician .
after _num_ minutes of nothing , i went to ask how much longer .
needless to say we left .
the front office staff has never even been especially personable , especially on weekends .
double ear infection , fever over _num_ and needed meds for her .
it 's terrible that they are n't there for their established patients .
the gilbert office was booked so we were referred to the chandler office .
two things that i would assume to be common since .
not planning to stay here again with so many other options .
but would like to have better lighting for business and for putting on makeup .
oh and the water is very nasty .
the central air seemed not very effective .
i was not liking that too much .
three of us stayed here for an event that was happening in mesa .
the staff at the desk was friendly and check in was very fast .
we get back _num_ hours later and it is even hotter .
which would seem more customer friendly and professional but whatever .
i woke up drenched in sweat and hearing this loud noise .
we were very disappointed when we drove up .
the hotel looked really , really old .
do not stay , horrible hotel experience .
i came back an hour later , completely unsatisfied and talked with a manager .
avoid at all cost !
manager danny rude .
there is no such law .
ghetto shit hole !
it was old and outdated , and hot !
i sent him away and told him we knew .
a few minutes later he showed back up and i gave him the info .
i also included my phone number and asked for the manager to call me .
i was n't gon na get shot !
i warn all of you do not go there .
this place is awful .
the room smelled stale and gross , and was poorly lit .
wrong !
the pool area was filthy dirty .
the bottom of the pool was also filthy .
went to work this morning hungry , exhausted , and extremely disappointed .
would never stay here again and would not recommend anyone else say here either .
waiting for a $ _num_ cab ride to another worst western motel .
this after arguing with management for _num_ hours .
the room was clean but had a strong musty odor .
i would n't stay here until they deal with their bed bug problem .
dirty , stinks horribly !
could n't wait to leave .
feels a bit run down and not cared for .
pillows small and lumpy .
breakfast mediocre .
this was the worst experience i have ever had at a hotel .
checked in to room _num_ and went to the room .
carry my stuff back down get new keys and they still do n't work .
let 's call the maintenance guy ... too late .
i stayed here friday , october _num_ , _num_ .
the motel is old point blank .
it just was n't worth what i spent .
the lighting is not the best either .
i have a severe allergy to mold and this was n't a good thing .
remove all the old interior walls and update the materials .
but still could use a little more tlc .
they did not have complimentary breakfast anywhere i could see .
i could not access any wifi .
should n't of done it .
we only stayed two nights .
my husband and i were so tired !
her attitude sucked and she 's lucky i did n't go off on her .
i sure do n't want to stay in a dirty room !
the hallway smelled like wet mold !
first of all , not sure why this is called a `` resort . ''
my room key did n't work .
they gave me another one that worked , though .
still , a pain in the butt .
oranges , apples , bananas .
also , it had only four small , really tiny pillows on the bed .
not sure why they did n't have regular sized pillows .
the next day ... there was hardly any food for breakfast .
somebody complained , and five minutes later , they brought stuff out .
overall , it just was n't a very good experience .
i tried to turn on the television and the remote control did n't work .
he said that there was nothing he could do .
i called the front desk again , only this time a girl answered .
there were bottle caps on the floor , as well as a used tissue .
they are horrible , except for one that has _num_ stars .
not a place i would stay again .
the mold and stains on everything .
in the morning we had breakfast that was not good almost inedible .
if they had an actual waitstaff it might not have been so bad .
iced tea ... no ice .
iced water ... no ice .
hot coffee served ( if you were lucky enough to get it ) cold .
no dressing on the salad .
if i could give _num_ stars i would .
older guy running the bar did not care .
he is horrible with customer service .
i would stay far away from this hotel at all cost .
i ca n't believe this establishment allows this treatment .
if i could give negative _num_ stars i would .
this place is awful .
the food was cold , hard and late at the service .
apparently most people feel the same .
the thermostat is antique not even one of those old ac units .
we checked out as soon as we saw our room .
no water for _num_ hours .
then the a/c went out in our new room .
the place needs to be torn down and new buildings put up .
i saw it first had and have never witnessed such incompetence as this operation .
there is zero customer service .
even though i had a contract booked _num_ months in advance .
he said it again with the same nasty tone .
i got into my room , the wifi would n't connect .
i 'm like ... wtf ?
there is just no excuse for this .
obviously , this place does not wash their sheets .
and that is just foul !
not even a `` can i help you ?
anyway , we leave and wait to check in later .
do n't bother .
but plan to wait forever for your car .
i did not buy their tire .
i will not shop there again .
i do not recommend you go here .
the food was great , but the atmosphere was kind of annoying .
the food was ok nothing special .
their hollandaise sauce was sooo salty .
not impressed at all .
the only , and most important , problem was that the food kinda sucked .
tired .
the place seems tired .
poached eggs were severely undercooked , muffin was burned .
first , i find a bug in my water .
quite possibly the worst service in the entire town of mesa .
this place is very unimpressive .
been there twice and food was slow both times .
there was nothing special about my french toast .
it was n't horrible but it was n't good either .
not impressed at all , but i guess it will do .
_num_ scrambled eggs , bacon , english muffin and potatoes .
the eggs were disgusting , they taste watery .
the potatoes did not taste fresh , they tasted reheated .
unfortunately the dobson location of the good egg in tempe is horrible .
i cant stand servers or workers in restaurant with dirty clothes .
i did not like it at all .
i dont have crazy high expectation in food but this is disappointing .
sure do miss our old good egg .
too bad so sad to say good bye .
i 'm so bummed that first watch has ruined the good egg .
now the bacon is thin , cheap , blah bacon .
she said `` i dunno , whatever they have back there . ''
no thanks .
also , they no longer do the loyalty cards .
lame .
alas , it 's time to find a new place for pancakes .
i waited for _num_ minutes for someone to come to my table .
this has been one of our favorite breakfast places for years .
since the change we have not had _num_ good experience .
i wo n't eat and pay for cold food .
the coffee is worse than the free coffee at home depot !
pizza was okay , tasted a lot like peter piper .
just cheap pizza that is good enough to eat .
jimmy and joes pizza blows this away .
i have not encountered such poor customer service before , ever .
he was very defensive .
i only have _num_ start because i cant give zero .
when i did get the order it was completely wrong on all _num_ occasions .
just received cold pizza and under cooked bread sticks .
our office will not call or order from you again !
she put me on hold a total of _num_ times .
the delivery guy showed up , just pizza , no soda .
they messed up , and its just , sorry deal with it ?
it was completely inappropriate , and i will be following up with management soon .
when i called , they were rude .
_num_ hour and _num_ minutes for delivery when quoted _num_ minutes .
i walked in on a friday night and ordered a large pepperoni pizza .
after waiting _num_ minutes , i was given my pizza .
normally i would n't be mad , but the receipt clearly says pepperoni .
disappointed .
i just wish they were consistent at every location with quality .
holy grease balls !
the franchise manager never contacted me .
i do apologize for no one contacting you regarding this matter .
i guess your manager is just not interested .
it definitely depends on what you are looking for .
so disappointing .
i do n't see why all the positive reviews on this place .
do n't ever try to return anything to this store .
they sold me a used jazz piano book for the full $ _num_ price .
totally absurd .
shame on the music store for treating a regular customer in this manner .
if i could give this dentist no stars i would .
she has no idea how to listen to patients .
she is the worst dentist i 've ever seen .
worst experience ever .
procedure was _num_ % more than quoted .
on top of that , more procedures were added that were never discussed .
when asked why , was told there was no time .
walked out before the procedure and will not ever consider going back .
i said no thanks and walked out .
i 'm not talking bad about the pool , just stating what i experienced .
if there were negative stars that 's what they would get .
thought it was a bit weird that the chicken was dark meat .
terrible .
my office all ordered from this awful place .
holy crap .
all the chicken and pork : overdone .
just decided to try this place tonight on a whim .
i ordered the drunken noodles and the golden tofu from the thai menu .
i will not be ordering from here again .
the person on the phone needs to learn how to communicate better .
needless to say i will never be ordering from here again .
but , frankly , i think they are just plain rude .
of all people , the service was more than lacking .
that 's very odd to me .
they did n't need to be typing away .
still no improvement , i see .
none of them seemed used to being handled .
i did n't have the heart to look at them all .
i 'm looking elsewhere .
ugh .
there is no other way to describe it .
these birds often see no human interaction for days .
but , that 's not the case at cage world .
worse : employees act like they do n't care .
when we walked in , no one greeted us .
we wandered around and went in the back area where all the cages were .
then we saw the back area where they have the boarded birds , etc .
ugh .
overly crowded is putting it mildly .
no animal should be crowded like that .
one baby had hopped up on top and later flew down to the floor .
while he walked around with us he was feeding french fries to the birds .
i feel so sorry for the birds in that store .
they usually will not ask you what you need .
this is not the only bird store in mesa .
i hated every second i lived there .
i went twice with my sin and paid _num_ more than i planned .
the name phoenix children 's has a trusted name , sure .
2nd visit _num_ week later to cast arm .
she said there is no difference in their billing , those are facility uses .
i do n't usually write this sort of review but i am so livid .
they did not get a drop of urine .
i will not recommend this urgent care to my friends and family .
their billing is by far the worst i have ever encountered .
it gets worse ... .
i 'm torn with this place .
this is where they get _num_ starts .
i am so torn with this place as another poster has said .
i could n't believe it .
and they were n't busy , like at all .
he is awful .
no kidding !
we got in quickly , waited awhile between nurses , doctor and x-rays .
overall , that part of my visit was a typical urgent care experience .
the one star is for taylor , he was helpful and polite .
i asked for a supervisor and spoke to manuel .
pathetic .
i am so disappointed .
horrible .
after checking in , we were seen by a nurse practitioner instead .
completely unnecessary !
they did not even asked for these symptoms .
no one bother to follow this as health care providers .
my daughter is fine but my bank account is not .
i am so utterly appalled by this facility .
when asked how many sandwiches they usually carry the lady told me only _num_ !
no wonder they always run out .
they are only good for making you a drink at a mediocre pace .
handle the stress ladies , its just a coffee shop .
too bad its the slowest starbucks i 've ever visited .
there is no sense of urgency when taking your order or preparing it .
just leaves me feeling frustrated .
usually starbucks will do something to make up for lack of an item .
it 's faster to drive a little bit further out to get better service .
you should n't have to wait _num_ minutes for a latte .
line out the door an _num_ people working .
step it up and hire some more people already !
this has been my experience the past _num_ times in here ... .
not the dishwasher i 'm talking about .
it took _num_ weeks and _num_ minutes on the phone to get my refund .
really they do n't install on the same day !
i wait another _num_ min and finally i get my item .
one of the worst places on earth they lied and cheated me .
then tim left me saying he had to leave .
so i had to wait for the other person to finish .
they have one of the worst customer services .
i had two tires replaced on my _num_ honda .
goes off and says let me tell the tech .
this shop in mesa is no different .
stay away from sears auto !
got there on time , dude said _num_ hour .
its a freaking oil change .
it takes _num_ minutes !
there is no sense of urgency there for customers .
i went to sears as my engine light came on .
there was only one guy at the counter nobody else came to help .
i just leave after that .
i was at discount tire earlier in the day better service and quicker .
worst service ever !
buy your books from amazon its cheaper and better return policy !
worst place ever .
i paid $ _num_ for it .
they took all the edge off and made it a flat surface .
unfortunately i wo n't be shopping here .
i 've been in _num_ times and left empty handed .
this is that goodwill .
terrible customer service !
probably never coming back .
heads up , $ _num_ off coupon here they will not honor .
games are over priced and half of them do n't work .
place was way understaffed .
there were no table waitresses .
the lanes that are currently open are for league players .
the wait period is roughly _num_ minutes . ''
this is now completely unfair to the people she initially turned away .
of course there is now another `` _num_ minute waiting period . ''
do not make it up as you go .
that to me shows poor customers services .
_num_ minutes away .
there was the first alarm , why was it packed so late ?
that would 've been wonderful information to have .
the management needs to start training better here .
word can spread pretty fast if a place has horrid customer service .
terrible customer service .
will not come back .
staff was of poor quality .
even manager was of no help .
they lost out on what is now an over three month rental .
the reason for the low rating is the actual cars .
never had a problem .
went there today and was treated like garbage .
no smile from the rep , just asked , what do you want ?
they are horrible !
rent a car from any other place .
they refuse to give me my deposit on the car back .
absolutely miserable and frustrating experience .
i called as soon as i left because the tire light came on .
super annoyed at this experience .
i will never rent a car from this place again .
rude horrible service .
called and spoke to someone whose name i dont remember .
$ _num_ for a plain metal key is obnoxious .
terrible service !
i will not be going back to this office ever .
especially after _num_ years and thousands of dollars of business they got from me .
not to mention the office is tiny and very dirty !
i did n't even want to sit down in the waiting room .
there was a mix up with my appointment date , mistake on their part .
the dr looked he was annoyed to treat me .
call back and wait an hour with no response .
this place sucks i am a person and will not be treated this way .
but then there is now way to change an appt .
not even an email address from their web page .
the worst you can imagine .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
without going into details i would say keep looking better options are out there .
i will not being going back and would never refer anyone to this clinic .
he completely ignored the next patient to check in as well .
could n't even be bothered to look up .
i then waited an additional hour just to be called into an exam room .
by shortly i guess he meant an additional _num_ minutes .
my experience is not a novelty visit like some posts on here .
and frankly , miserable - all or most of the time .
i 'm lucky if i can walk my dog for _num_ minutes .
it was not a nice office , nor were they nice to me .
sugar attracts more flies than vinegar .
can i give them _num_ stars ?
i am not going to see the same doctor .
probably the most unprofessional call i 've ever experienced .
so i called back , _num_ minutes later with the dr .
she was a bit nicer .
all ra patients are suffering due to his quit .
the staff at this facility is just awful .
she could care less and told me they 'd get to me .
very rude , unprofessional staff makes this a place i 'd never return to .
i made an appointment that was about _num_ weeks out .
we can forward your medical records to them .
this is the worst office to go to .
the staff is unfriendly and unprofessional .
find another dr immediately .
i finally got pissed threw the menus on the counter walked out .
wrong .
rude !
he was as cranky as the _num_ year old .
i know i wo n't be back , and neither will my daughter .
nobody ever died from being nice .
the guy that seated us was n't personable at all .
food was really bland .
however , the service was awful .
the food was just blah , prices were definitely a rip off .
not crispy bacon means the bacon will bend !
for that reason alone , i will never go back there .
i 'm sure it was the style in _num_ or so .
but ambiance was not the low spot .
it was n't bad per se , but it was n't good either .
we left with the hungry feeling gone but certainly no feeling of satisfaction either .
visit # _num_ extremely poor service .
the waitress was rude and obviously poorly trained .
so did not get my soup or salad .
we ate our pies with no drink .
hard to finish without liquid .
just horrible service and not so great food at this village inn .
been coming here once a week for _num_ months .
chicken fried steak and eggs was my fave .
_num_ minutes for water and i could count the guests on one hand .
runny eggs and the steak was pure salt .
she left the receipt without a word .
too bad , losing my favorite morning spot .
very short review , village inn let down today .
this is probably the first time it has happened .
however , no longer will that be the case .
took a long time for anyone to come over to get our drinks .
being my birthday i was really craving crepes .
its something i only get on special occasions .
i was really excited to get them .
wait , wait , waiting .
bummer the service is so slow today .
i was in no hurry so i could wait .
my husband refused his sandwich and we left .
so disappointed .
the service is pretty slow .
i could have and should have gone to mimi 's cafe .
it 's kind of busy , but not that busy .
_num_ minutes still no service ... .
really sorry .
gross !
without a doubt , the single worst restaurant meal i have ever been served .
my review : _num_ ) eggs ordered as over medium were over hard .
literally cold , watery , and with no flavor .
to label this as huevos rancheros is an insult to hispanic culture .
no second chances here .
terrible service !
... out of _num_ ... only _num_ ordered food .
so if you are alone do n't go here .
service was terrible .
our server rachel , did n't know what she was doing and unfriendly .
took over _num_ minutes to get our food , restaurant was empty .
wait staff was inattentive , and had lack of knowledge of the menu .
food was bland .
good was not good , except for the pie .
no flavor and just weird texture .
based on my experience here , no wonder they are going out of business !
if i need more surgery i definitely will not go back .
it not like i wan na pocket a _num_ dollar nail art !
do not buy an animal here unless you want to risk them being sick !
they have less than _num_ % of life than any other type of lighting .
such a disappointment !
my son is _num_ .
he has horrible bedside manner !
i can not tell you enough about what a jerk he was !
i was thinking , why ca n't my waitress just take it ?
i was appalled but regardless i yelled back my order across the room .
this is not the way ordering should work .
i asked if it was peking chicken , and she said yes .
anyway , the smell was really nasty .
it was that bad .
but i needed my bill .
my waitress did n't do anything .
worst chinese food i ever had , bad service , and under portioned .
have been coming to golden canyon for at least _num_ years .
the food has always been exceptional but the service has been poor at best .
however , the service was terrible !
very poor staff training .
have been coming to golden canyon for at least _num_ years .
the food has always been exceptional but the service has been poor at best .
however , the service was terrible !
very poor staff training .
service was better than before but still mediocre at best .
chicken was way overlooked .
hubby 's lemon chicken had very little sauce also and was dry .
after all these years the place has gone downhill .
because of the language barrier they can seem a little rough around the edges .
i am rating strictly on my experience today with take out .
the food was excellent , the service was ridiculous .
i walked in to get my food which was sitting there .
did n't say hi , just named my food and the dollar amount .
seriously , how rude .
we have been going to golden canyon chinese for _num_ years .
hardly a veggie in their food .
we stopped in at golden canyon on saturday feb _num_ for a friends birthday .
we then waited another _num_ minutes to for her to take our order .
it seems the staff was busy counting cookies and not waiting on tables .
if i want rude service , i will go to a fast food place .
the employees are unfriendly and the place needs an update .
the bathrooms are a disaster and dirty .
maybe not , but sadly i wo n't ever go back now .
crab puffs were the only good part of meal .
bathroom was terrible .
wo n't be back .
was disappointed .
no one in dining area .
got our drinks quickly .
food was mediocre .
chicken marsala needed more sauce and mushrooms .
it was too late to order anything else .
not good food or service for the prices .
what a crap experience !
horrible horrible service !
i spoke too soon .
went back and they cheated me on a whole chicken sandwich .
i guess an ultimate sausage burrito does n't come with sausage .
pull your heads out of your pathetic exit holes and get your act together .
- something like that is very unpleasant , all the time .
she does n't like people to browse and look at stuff to get ideas .
she wants you to quickly buy what you will and then get out .
i want to go the distance , to another place next time .
i just have n't got much good to say about going here .
i walked out without being so much as greeted .
my lil man came in with a temp of _num_ when _num_ was normal .
i was so worried and started crying in his office .
horrible !
never bring your pet to this place .
they are not trustworthy or loving to pets at all .
this took less then _num_ minutes and she walked out .
anyway neither of us will be going back .
ridiculous !
anyway neither of us will be going back .
ridiculous !
they have no respect for you or your pet .
i called _num_ days ago , they had to ask the dr of course .
not even one once of good advice .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
this place is empty for a reason .
my advise find another black owned barbershop to go to .
first of all , every single barber is slow .
bad business , you should be taking care of customers .
or maybe we 're the idiots .
do not go here to get your haircut .
no name tag so i do n't know his name .
i suggest albertsons for all meat purchases .
i have been using this pharmacy practically my entire life .
she 's rude .
she lacks personality and a tiny customer service smile .
i dread picking up prescription from her .
i have three dogs and five cats and they are my children !
finally , they refused to provide me with my dog 's prescriptions to refill !
cheap breakfast that is mediocre .
the service is mediocre .
the bathroom is stinky , i had to hold my breathe .
just ordered _num_ pies for thanksgiving .
terrible !
pecan pie filling was so chewy it had to be thrown away !
upon entering the restaurant i had a bad feeling .
the windows carpet and booths could have all used a good cleaning .
it was immediately clear we had made a huge mistake .
no thinly sliced prime rib and no mushrooms .
the check was n't even brought to the table .
nobody knew how to run the cash register .
took me over _num_ minutes to get my change and be out of there .
pies were the worst i 've ever eaten .
crunchy and not ripe whatsoever .
hardly any flavor and the skins were tough and bitter .
we all got sick from it .
i will never return to this establishment .
this is the second ( and last ) time i 've come here .
the muffin came out quickly and was decent .
in fact i had to go to the register to get my check .
the steak was horribly fatty .
she acknowledged that it did not look fresh .
she squeezed out an apology .
consider yourself warned .
the service completely sucked !
i was extremely offended .
they did not call me to let me know .
and they could not accommodate my appointment with another masseuse .
so i left my scheduled appointment with no massage .
i signed online to schedule an appt .
is closed for renovations this week .
if not , you were probably transferred to a different therapist .
if you want deep tissue , book him .
i provided direct feedback through the massage envy survey six days ago .
i will never go to this massage envy again !
once i got there the masseuse was rude to me .
i do n't care just let me relax !
that is not how that process was originally explained to me .
my _num_ month old son was very sick .
he did n't even check his temperature .
i waited _num_ minutes to be seen which is ridiculous .
do n't waste your time !
cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products !
more like a big corporate machine that does n't care about their customers !
however , most of your employees are extremely rude .
recently i went in with my dog .
i will not be back .
what a mistake as i should of checked yelp before wasting my time .
also , we might have drinking water but , that is it .
desert trees are only what he has in his yard as he told me .
this employee either is taking too many meds or not enough .
i go every january and february to get my veggies not this coming year .
worse customer service !
poor service today .
i run up to the door and ... .
if you close before _num_ _num_ than change your hours to reflect that !
staff ignored me .
after _num_ minutes of waiting i just left the store .
chipped and missing concrete as you walk up .
yes , he had the bally 's red shirt , but no id .
they are not parent friendly !
not female friendly !
there are no female trainers at all .
_num_ months , nothing has changed .
i was disappointed that there were no weekend hours .
the play area was just a few balls and some toys and a tv .
they showed no interest in my concerns or having me as a member .
things get fixed fairly quickly .
an apathetic staff -- i think just two people knew my name .
but i get to pay the same , of course .
there is usually a wait , especially in winter .
bland , overpriced , and nothing special .
the last two visits we have made have both been for birthday dinners .
unfortunately it was n't .
i 'm hoping someone in our party had mashed potatoes .
poor birthday guy got the most pathetic and tired birthday song ever .
it may have tasted better if the experience was better .
disappointing especially since were were the first table today .
the service is so bad at this location that we will not return .
unfortunately there is nothing on their menu that i can not live without .
but this time the salad was not good .
very mushy .
soup was good but deep fried asparagus was stuck together in a block .
the food on the other hand was not so great .
the portions are smaller , and the chicken alfredo barely had chicken .
along with , the chicken alfredo was missing something .
but not great to me .
strike _num_ the brown ass breadsticks that tasted burnt .
those were the worse breadsticks i 've ever had from og .
maybe they would 've been better .
went to get the soup and salad today and it was a disaster .
finally a server walked by and noticed we had not been helped .
he did n't seem to care .
this was a crappy experience .
terrible !
we will not go back .
service wasnt all that great this time .
i would opt out in eating chicken and steak here .
man , my visit here was sad .
: ( rosemary chicken needed more sauce as well .
the tiramisu was gross .
even the breadsticks which could have been a plus were stale and cold .
terrible service .
seriously worst service i have ever had .
every time i go to this olive garden it seems something always goes wrong .
however , after my last visit i will not be back .
i will not be back !
the food does n't taste like normal food .
they do n't use salt in their pasta .
honestly the food was great but horrible service from this one waitress .
the service was questionable and it honestly ruined my my experience .
will not come back .
in the last few years i 've tried my best to like this place .
it tasted like a frozen dinner that i could buy at frys .
i bought _num_ meals for _num_ dollars and did not like either .
i will be choosing to spend my money elsewhere .
sorry olive garden .
worst dining experience .
so we ended up getting there a _num_ to wait .
she put us down , but when she did it was for _num_ people .
she seemed very confused by her job .
she never asked for our name or gave an estimated wait time .
after _num_ minutes of waiting she told us our table was being set up .
i said i guess , even though it was canceled .
_num_ minutes and no one comes with boxes .
extremely disappointed with service .
would not recommend .
service is always adequate but the server tonight ( matt ) was dreadful .
he handled himself very poorly and was very short with me and my wife .
it took _num_ minutes to receive refills on our drinks .
with the service we received i wish there were buttons worse than very unsatisfied .
we picked up some togo food tonight from olive garden .
it sounded like something went wrong with an order or employee or something .
i feel bad for the people working there .
i would hate to work with her .
foods still bomb though .
the waitress was nice , but seemed really stressed and in a hurry .
the problem was that they had flies in the restaurant .
that is a bad sign if there are bugs inside the place .
terrible waitress , she likes to ignore you .
if you sit around the bar area you wo n't always get good service .
my experience at the gilbert location was awesome compared to this one .
fist time i was there someone threatened to shoot up the place .
the service is nonexistent .
and whats with the crappy service ? ''
no bitch , you need to do your job !
they are n't bright !
they are rude !
it was ok , but definitely nothing to write home about .
but there was nothing that ever would draw me back here again .
this night , sarah served my first beer .
keep in mind , i am by myself at the end of the bar .
small hole in the wall bar that smells of urine and body odor .
this joint attracts shady characters because of their cheap prices .
not a place to go alone to have a drink .
she told the bartender and she did n't do nothing about it .
cheap drinks and full of native americans .
this place is not for me .
bartender ignored me for at least _num_ minutes and was pretty rude about it .
this place is horrible !
no one there deserves my money and $ _num_ tip .
i 'm not new to mediterranean food .
however , this was my first attempt at eating falafel .
here it 's horrible .
tasteless even with the sauce .
so i ca n't explain the falafel failure .
as far as atmosphere goes , it 's lacking a bit .
i ca n't recommend this place for a date or for families .
it 's just mediocre .
they have forgotten who keeps them in business , it is paying customers .
they have forgotten who keeps them in business , it is paying customers .
service is all over the place .
inconsistent .
why not treat all of your customers that way ?
inconsistent quality of food .
but then a month later my falafel sandwich was a dismal disappointment .
i complained to the waitress expecting a brand new falafel wrap to be made .
plus it was overly cooked ( crispy & burnt ) .
food was okay , shawarma was n't shaved it seemed like carne asada .
customer service _num_ out _num_ !
their selection was incredibly limited .
the food was not memorable .
she would n't even check to see if the frames are in stock .
completely lack of customer service .
other salespeople are just standing there .
i go to the back to wait for my husband to get done .
doc is not rude , just apathetic .
no apology for poor customer service .
there was no excuse .
i was in the office purchasing my glasses for _num_ hours !
& they wanted to charge me almost $ _num_ for _num_ pairs of glasses .
before insurance this would have been $ _num_ .
my rx is very week .
i was in there for _num_ minutes .
she is condescending , impatient , and apathetic at best .
it was not edible .
i have eaten chinese in hawaii , japan and california .
i really wanted to like this place , but i could n't .
sorry , golden gate ... .
golden gate is very disappointing .
the food was thoroughly unremarkable .
it was n't served with any type of dipping sauce .
the entrees looked like _num_ % frozen meats and sauces .
they were absolutely artificial and flavorless .
the place really needs to catch up about _num_ years .
in that , i was not disappointed .
i was , however , disappointed with the food , sadly .
but truly , the food was not good .
in fact , my egg foo young tasted a little spoiled .
i threw it away and ate the friend won tons they gave us .
even the spicy dishes tasted rather bland .
not like it used to be .
my dining companion had the garlic chicken and it was a little slimy .
too bad .
you 've been warned !
place is horrible ... service was terrible and everyone was downright rude .
same as it was _num_ years ago .
went for lunch after recently returning to the valley of the sun .
not much to write about my lunch .
portion was small .
boring .
the bathroom opens to the dining area , so that made it seem worse .
probably wont be back .
disappointing .
man this place was so dirty .
huge crumbs all over the floor , dirty plates .
never coming back , come here if you like dirty stuff .
possibly the worst chinese i 've ever had .
i ca n't believe this place had decent yelp reviews .
i feel like a stone cold sucker !
my friend and i were the only ones there .
the food was mediocre .
the rice was cold .
the only thing i managed to eat with no problem were the crab angels .
over all , just not a good experience .
would rather have spent so much money elsewhere !
when i got there , i waited for _num_ mins to place an order .
not worth $ _num_ after taxes .
no acknowledgement for _num_ min .
it 's not even busy .
_num_ minutes later .
it was pathetic .
i 'm pretty sure you should n't leave a massage feeling pissed off .
i told him , `` no , someone confirmed it was cancelled . ''
i feel so sorry for his employees !
if he treats customers like this , imagine how he treats staff .
completely absurd customer service !
will be filing a report with the bbb !
i call to make sure the time is available , then it 's not .
poor professionalism .
such poor customer service and this place is a joke .
this place is the worst !
if i could post no stars , i would !
the past few years the entire office has gone downhill right before our eyes .
my wait was _num_ hours .
not even kidding .
worse experience at a dr office ever .
would n't go back if they paid me .
would highly recommend avoiding at all costs .
rude staff , incompetent nurse practitioner .
do n't get anything waxed there .
she did n't listen to my request at all !
i guess i 'm better off wearing a hat .
as for the salon itself , everyone else was courteous and clean .
i 'd have to say that i 'm pretty disappointed in this one .
it looked very run down .
also , the selection of gel polish colors was dismal .
the filing job on my nails was so incredibly sloppy .
( this completely irritated me the entire time i had the nails on ! )
so i really needed a fill and color today .
i dont know why , but i just ca n't get into them ) .
i guess i just do n't fit into the mold .
i ordered a combo plate , trying a beef enchilada and a chicken taco .
both were average ... nothing to write home about .
why did each adult couple have _num_ kids with them ?
this is very bland , americanized mexican food .
this place looks very dirty .
i did eat there , though , and the food was pretty mediocre .
nothing had much flavor or spice .
i would not come here again .
i finally asked our waitress for some as she walked by .
i was mildly annoyed .
in my opinion this is n't always a good thing .
was this bad ?
he 's _num_ , he likes `` mildly seasoned '' .
the bill came to $ _num_ and some change .
all i can say is very bland !
their chicken fajita bowl had no flavor and their spanish rice was so so .
wo n't be returning .
the service _num_ out of _num_ times is not good .
she did n't seem to do anything right .
not sure how he is even a mgr .
i cant think of any reason that would be acceptable .
we got _num_ percent off .
but so me one please give me a reason why i should go back ?
thank fully i did not get sick .
sat there for _num_ minutes after we finished eating .
each diet pepsi ( which were flat ) cost $ _num_ .
no refills were offered .
my huevos was around $ _num_ .
but we wo n't be back .
thumbs down for this place .
i was craving mexican food .
chicken taco tasted like it came out of the can .
our selection for tonight was rosita 's .
the pricing for most of the menu very over priced .
the whole reason to dine out is to be served and taken care of .
bald dude with glasses clearly does not know how to offer this .
no one wants to hear your excuses and your flat out no .
it was mediocre at best .
unfortunately , the food and service were less than decent .
my boyfriend and i were extremely impressed with how terrible it was .
for $ _num_ .
for rice and beans ... ... seriously ?
my chicken tacos tasted like they came straight out of a can .
four tacos for $ _num_ .
no problem paying $ _num_ there for one .
dude just needed to listen better .
food came out extremely quick , soon enough i 'd realize why .
this little guy had an undercooked tortilla and not very much carnitas .
$ _num_ for a tortilla and meat .
mexican food ai n't fancy food .
she was sitting at a desk in the middle of their building .
i guess i should not have expected to be treated with respect or professionalism .
again , i was n't even offered the courtesy of a chair .
thank goodness i walked out and found the mark dealerships instead !
they would n't even honor their own prices posted in the car .
and at all costs stay away from dave the sales man .
worse attitude ever .
he completely ruined my car buying experience .
dave was unfriendly , did n't have the right information and pushy !
on the other hand ... dave the finance guy was a god sent .
this is the second time i 've gotten shit from these guys .
i 'm very disappointed in this place .
very poor service .
it got so bad that my key would n't even work anymore .
carl promised me certain things if i bought a car and did not deliver .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
i am contacting the better business bureau .
i wish they were a reputable dealership .
should maybe take in to consideration that she has a customer waiting .
this place is a complete disaster .
the lady who cut my hair clearly did not want to be working there .
she did a terrible job on my hair .
she was incredibly rude also , very arrogant .
what a complete waste of money .
one of the bottom _num_ restaurants in my entire life .
_num_ ) the place is filthy .
_num_ ) the girl at the counter was rude .
_num_ ) i ordered kung pao chicken .
it was neither kung pao or teriyaki .
horrible horrible establishment .
this was not the case but the least of this restaurant 's problems .
my eating partner just had an egg drop soup .
it was not over fried .
i did not eat it .
does that also mean not good ?
anyway , this is not a place where i will ever be seen again .
the food is just too sub-par .
frankly , i do n't know how they stay in business .
there is nothing here that you want .
ordered _num_ chicken dishes .
could not eat anything that i ordered .
ca n't believe they stay in business .
lame school .
waste of time and money .
i was wrong .
the pants were replaced on the spot .
you ca n't button your jacket properly without it !
i try to give businesses the benefit of the doubt .
we began looking at ties , still no greeting .
the people that work here only care about commission and not the customer .
save your time and money and try another location .
the representative who helped me kept bringing me more and more shirts .
_num_ stars given for the attitude when i came to do a return .
i had a $ _num_ shirt that did n't fit .
they are practically identical shirt in a slightly different fabric ) .
this annoyed me , considering how much money i spend there regularly .
they did n't seem to pick up at that .
you have lost someone in the business that would bring in more business .
no stars from me !
after _num_ minutes said she could finally take care of us .
here is where it gets bad .
right off the bat i could tell that she worked off of commission .
do you really need to be that desperate ?
only myself and one other customer were there .
i should have just stayed at home and ordered it online .
please be aware that this is not an at & t company store !
these associates are not even at & t trained .
yelp says it opens at 9am .
google says it opens at 10am .
so i went at _num_ am .
wasted my time there .
i wo n't waste my precious time going to look .
i walked into this store to buy chocolates for mother 's day .
at that point , i paid for my box of chocolates .
not the worst experience but for sure the worst quality .
i had to request the design for be removed because it was so sloppy .
maybe it 's just me , but gross .
at checkout i was told about their _num_ week return policy .
after _num_ or _num_ runs , i noticed it was already coming apart .
not the board , swim deck , boat , or anything .
the answer was still no .
no dice .
i went in looking for ski boots that would fit a very narrow foot .
i 'm really not sure how much he heard .
i do not know if they get commission or not .
honestly most people would not have noticed until it was too late .
too busy today .
these guys are moving slow and i 'm ready to go .
i would not eat food here but for live music its ok .
the sound quality here is just ok , it could be a lot better .
for the love of god , avoid at all costs .
horrible does n't even begin to cover the awful service of this place .
i walked in to get a mani/pedi with my friend .
my pedicure was $ _num_ .
( and acted like it was me being high maintenance ) .
_num_ times .
_num_ times !
ugh .
horrible customer service .
i do not recommend this company .
1st off , , , staff there is stellar .
left with nothing .
took hours to get him ready !
this place is horrible !
as i walked in the store , the counter guy was on the phone .
wrong !
the majority of it is _num_ 's & _num_ 's rock .
i was very disappointed .
however ; dee 's was n't worth my time .
the staff is much friendlier at barry 's too .
really !
bad business all around !
this is a place to stay away from .
barry is not .
i miss fiesta mall .
the fact that you ca n't use debit outside is a little annoying .
fix your debit machine on the pumps or at least require a zip code !
then you 're stuck with it whether you like it or not .
bubbles of joy is lame .
all she had was an extremely unfriendly and rude personality .
it was not busy at all .
no one at the counter which you can see from the drive thru .
so now , i do n't have time to drive back .
i waited one minute and nothing .
stopped here in a hurry and ... we deeply regretted it .
i went here hoping to find something affordable as i was low on money .
there was a lot of profit in that little burrito .
she then tries to sell me an additional test that will cost $ _num_ .
sorry , but not a fan .
in the end , the manager gave me $ _num_ off .
additionally , the staff were pushy and a little on the rude side .
overall i would not recommend this place .
worst customer service i have ever seen at any business .
they will do anything they can to avoid helping their waiting customers .
the workers were nice ; however , the wait really was n't worth it .
this place is so crowded .
went to the appointment and everyone upfront was extremely friendly .
she answered annoyed that once they were open i could n't do either .
they just replaced the lens with the same script .
i paid close to $ _num_ for a membership and i still get ignored .
so , now that it 's my last year , i have had it .
the hours clearly say they open at nine .
valentine 's day is not a national holiday .
this is the worst apartment i have ever lived in .
the area it 's in is practically dying and it 's very unsafe .
the staff is the worst part .
they treated me horribly .
when i talk to my neighbors everybody feels the same towards the management .
supposedly to save money they replaced bathroom doors with curtains .
they do a horrible job of picking up garbage .
they said we turned the ac down to low and it broke .
we are n't mechanics we do n't know how to handle an ac machine .
things i never thought would happen , happened .
i also had a lot of problems with the washer and dryers .
half the time they were broken and would take my money .
the other half of the time they did n't work very well .
now the my biggest problem , their service and manners .
if you need help over the phone it is even worse .
my advice would be to just not do it .
i 've called the leasing office several times and nothing has yet been resolved .
plan on taking extra money these machines constantly break down and take your money .
i 'm starting to regret i even considered calling this apt my home .
no cleanliness is applied here .
there was no care taken , no massage , nothing .
then she did my wife 's hand nails for almost _num_ hours .
worst manicure and pedicure experience i have ever had .
then , when she went to pain i was appalled .
no biggie .
i will not have them back !
you could cal and call and got no answer from the salesman .
after finally fixing gates so they operated properly , they wanted final payment .
this was an $ _num_ job !
i would highly recommend using a different company for your garage door needs .
they wo n't even respond to my emails .
very disappointing experience .
even for fast food i just ca n't stomach it .
so we wait .
_num_ minutes roll by .
then _num_ minutes later , we get our food .
then when we saw what we had received , oh we were disappointed .
did n't bother us as much as our burger .
jalapeno poppers ( _num_ ) had a bitter taste .
$ _num_ which someone would open a decent fast food on this corner .
and a friend of mine .
so they scammed me but whatever !
do not visit this location !
went to try those pretzel hotdogs , and the bun was all moldy .
horrible place .
first of all , sonic is n't really great in the first place .
so if you are craving sonic , just go to a different location .
this one however , is the worst location i have ever eaten at .
the food is extremely inconsistent .
i do n't feel like paying for a single tiny brownie thrown in there .
but i 'm not going to expect quality .
very poor service .
we probably wo n't be back .
so sad cause we like sonic .
this is the worst sonic i have been to .
this week was the last try - they had no ice .
if i could give less than _num_ star i would .
i only got a medium strawberry limeade .
dumped it all out and found lettuce in it .
i 'm never coming back here again .
one word for this place - nasty .
worst hamburgers in mesa period !
today - nasty .
that 's assuming waste my money at another sonic .
this location will never get my business again .
they offered to swap it out for a comparable item , and we agreed .
said item was $ _num_ more .
so annoyed .
by far the worst sonic i have ever been to .
the worst experience i have ever had anywhere .
pressed the order button waited _num_ minutes and no response .
no response again .
pressed the button no response for _num_ more minutes .
this is officially the last time i will ever come here .
received a cherry slush and cold , stale half filled fries .
what the actual hell .
tater tots are very cold and very old .
diet coke was flat .
my burger was n't fully cooked , 3/4 pink .
i most likely will not return here .
i think i 'm probably done with the chain at this point .
so , i was very excited to find this place .
we arrived around 9:30 a.m. to find empty shelves !
what bakery has empty shelves at 9:30 in the morning ?
but , no .
very bland .
i gave them _num_ stars because of the sweet woman behind the counter .
avoid this place at all costs .
i '' m sorry , i do n't know this entire store .
however , the depot used to have a fairly knowledgeable staff .
i also would like to say that it 's not just this store either .
sadly , this was the past .
thanks , never would have noticed it otherwise .
sadly , i knew nothing about concrete so i went with his advice .
not only was it the wrong stuff , it was a waste of money .
now do n't get me wrong .
over the past year , their propane exchange kiosk has only worked once .
how rude !
counted _num_ people in line for self check no registers open .
i found this rude ... and annoying !
oh , and he did n't even know the right prices .
i will not be back !
i paid _num_ dollars for this water container and it did n't function properly .
this is not a way to treat customers .
i wish i could give zero stars .
i honestly do n't know which is worse ... _num_ ) the water quality .
_num_ ) the cleanliness .
_num_ ) water bottles .
what a ripoff .
i got screwed $ _num_ .
pizza hut is terrible !
i tried their `` pizza mia '' in march , and it was horrible .
big mistake .
i 've never had such a bad pizza in my life .
how does that all come out so horrible ?
then just last weekend i ordered a different pizza because they were on sale .
big mistake !
a lady did , and she was horrible with the customer service .
she never once apologized that it took _num_ months to get back to me !
lame .
there are too many other pizza places out there .
i 'm not falling for pizza hut 's cheap prices anymore .
i ordered online and chose a future delivery time of _num_ pm .
the first time we ordered and had it delivered , everything was awesome .
omg , really ?
umm , no .
the last three orders from this pizza hut delivery have been incorrect .
2nd was pizza not well done as requested .
then 3rd was tonight , forgot an order of breadsticks , i ordered two .
i also did not receive the sauce with the breadsticks .
was disappointed for the 3rd time in a row .
there will not be a 4th .
ordered _num_ hand tossed pizzas and a few other things .
the crust was like a pizza stone .
the driver also could n't be bothered to even pull the items out .
horrible pizza as well as service .
my pizza is dry , over cooked , no sauce whatsoever and burned crust .
took _num_ minutes for delivery on an average thursday .
wo n't be ordering from here again .
the store does nothing to stop this .
bad choice .
our sushi appetizer was extremely ordinary , the yellowtail seemed dry and tasteless .
more expensive than most of the sushi places in mesa .
i would not go back , very poor value .
their food and service what we paid for was ridiculous .
if i could give this less then _num_ star i would .
the chef came out then promptly dumped the veggies and raw meat together .
food was ok , nothing special .
the dog sat on her lap while they ate .
however , we all get sick after eating here every time .
this place deserves zero stars .
they would n't honor the lunch prices or apologize for the mistake .
the lunch crowd was sparse ( two other tables other than us ) .
it was very disappointing .
i ordered a soft shell crab roll and it was also disappointing .
the eel sauce was bitter ( probably from burnt sugar ) and too salty .
i also ordered the chicken katsu and the chicken was dry and overcooked .
our bill came to $ _num_ including tip .
the drinks took forever , and then my order was incorrect .
when i told her , she near argued with me .
sorry but we will not be back .
i knew it was bad the first time i tried it .
are you looking for the cure for your sushi cravings ?
do you wish that you could be permanently rid of your roll addiction ?
worst place ever if you 're pregnant .
refuses to make sushi for pregnant women .
at this point , we both lost our appetite .
also there is not enough room around the tables .
then businesses wonder why they are going under .
apparently it 's not that common here on the west coast .
unfortunately , the custard itself was just not the same .
it tasted like plain ol ' chocolate ice cream .
this is no where near the same as the gilbert location .
the sauce was not listed in the ingredients on the menu .
it was not just hot , but tasted bad .
i visited the location on gilbert and southern tonight .
the sundae was completely melted and my fried were overcooked .
the place smelled and was dirty .
the food was over priced and tasted bland .
the concrete was okay , nothing special .
this is place will close down before to long .
at over $ _num_ a container it was very disappointing .
we will not be coming here in the future .
we were very disappointed when it came .
terrible service and the custard was very runny .
the only places i see doing that are gas stations in the ghetto .
so disappointing .
but the service needs to be a focus in this place .
it was completely overpriced and worst frozen custard i 've ever had .
the manager was not understanding or sympathetic about the problem at all .
bad management kinda killed the whole experience for my spouse and i .
just overall horrible experience and will never go back !
went in at lunch time and it was completely empty .
everything was way overpriced and not a very good selection .
i wo n't go back .
instead it was hot , sticky and overall a really unpleasant experience .
it 's a brioche bun that 's kind of hard .
fries tasted like they were frozen , definitely nothing special .
the iced tea tasted very old and nasty .
also , the `` what ? ''
its not like i just spent over _num_ bucks at your establishment or anything .
i 'll drive a little farther to have better a shooting experience .
that was it , i was done .
no carrying in shooting range , please !
range is cramped and there is no room to move .
i wo n't be back .
worst attitude from this guy than i would ever expect from an employee .
mind you we told him we have zero experience with guns .
as which gun he would advise for a new shooter .
so at this point i did n't even want to be there .
employees like to act as if they know everything and the customer knows nothing !
i had purchased an online coupon quite a long time ago .
very disappointed in this business today .
ok i 'm sorry , really ?
this review concerns a visit i made to the store approximately _num_ weeks ago .
i wo n't be back .
wanted to try this place out so i went there the other day .
horrible customer service !
the ground beef had no flavor whatsoever -- no seasoning at all .
i was so disappointed though !
chips and salsa are complimentary .
i was disappointed .
we will not be coming back .
pale and tasteless , the burrito was very disappointing .
my wife chose a bean , egg , and cheese , breakfast burrito .
what could go wrong with that , right ?
no , i think out of the can may have a bit more taste .
even their guacamole was bland .
i walked in , ordered some food to go .
worst customer service i have ever received .
the employees did n't stop talking to assist us .
this is the worst starbucks i 've ever been to .
everytime i go their they get my order wrong and they are slow .
i waited _num_ minutes for my drink .
disgusting !
my latte tasted horrible and was definitely a waste of $ _num_ .
i keep forgetting to not come back to this starbucks .
i will not be coming back here .
horrible experience at this starbucks , all around .
duh , the more expensive one , the protein bistro .
_num_ and still showed an available award .
then several hours later the balance was _num_ and no remaining rewards .
there just always seems to be something unpleasant everytime i go to this location .
it 's a shame because this is on my way to work .
that 's not what i wanted .
i 'm sure they wo n't mind me taking a look .
if not , i 'll head back to la which i highly recommend .
what a waste of time .
you are a horrible company !
manager told me he was going to cancel membership , failed to do so .
he does n't even have the balls to call me .
even machines that work could use maintenance .
come to find out they never canceled the membership .
i really wish i did n't have to give them one star .
worst management ever if this is the face of your establishment !
but if you are even remotely considering going to this gym .
do yourself a favor and do n't waste your time here .
equipment is old dirty .
if you try to cancel it is a big run around .
then he let me know that i was n't really that committed .
to gold 's , no .
nor to any other gym the first time i walk in it .
parking sucks .
rude !
he then seemed annoyed but gave me a tour when i insisted .
( insulting another gym ) .
i got so irritated i left before my workout was complete .
quite possibly the worst gold 's gym ever .
the layout of the place is terrible , too .
in the end it was just cheaper to pay them .
seriously , if i could give this gym a zero , i would .
this gym only cares about its numbers .
these places are not exceptional at all .
how about the $ _num_ minimum to get in ?
way overpriced , extreme unhealthy food choices ?
or sitting through 20-30 mins of ads ?
the sound was n't impressive .
people can walk by you and you do n't even have to move .
i did n't get any snacks so ca n't comment on the concession stand .
the staff that was there that day was horrible .
they do n't move and are super uncomfortable .
they only have one day a week for the student pricing .
their 3d movies seem to be outrageously priced .
very rude .
almost all of the stalls had something gross in them .
hardly anyone there at all on a saturday night at 8pm .
i just had the worst movie night in my life .
all the customers at the movie theater were high and jerks .
probably the last time we visit an amc theater .
it 's a shame because i have fond memories of amc .
i walked up and simply asked , excuse me , what 's your name ?
ok ... jim ... then asked why ?
because , i frankly do n't !
afternoon after _num_ pm is outrageous .
my complaint is that they were not telling people in line .
very poor customer service .
took _num_ minutes to get a ticket and popcorn .
no more than _num_ people came i or out .
wo n't be going back .
no discounts for students & popcorn was stale !
they actually charge more than harkins !
probably the worst seats i 've ever sat in .
my back is still killing me .
smaller theater , late showing .
the soda tasted like plastic and the popcorn did n't have any flavor .
the movie volume was very low for some reason .
ticket and concession service slow .
very sad place to go to now and it 's so overpriced .
seats are so uncomfortable and everything is so over priced .
we had n't been there in some time and we wo n't be back .
not at those prices .
there was nobody there on a friday night .
the workers were friendly but the theater was run down .
we wo n't be going back .
they are not friendly to bigger people .
the prime theater is ok if you do n't mind the extra price .
i can no longer come to my favorite theater now .
i rarely ever use another theater , until now .
i ca n't even leave it down .
no line , no rush to purchase tickets .
sad that i would have to do that .
no apologies or offers to correct their mistake .
such bad customer service at the framing desk .
simply put , they were a customer service disaster .
horrible customer service at this location .
dear michaels : i 'm tired of leaving empty handed !
unfortunately i have to agree with the majority of reviews for this particular location .
she was acting so inappropriate it was insane !
terrible terrible place !
andrew is lucky for these ladies because he by myself , turns customers away .
boring .
this might be the worst food i have ever eaten .
to put it nicely , the salad just plain sucked .
tonight was the final straw so to speak , we will not return .
so we had to wait another couple minutes for our drinks ( water . )
i said no , and she said it would be out soon .
w walked in and the atmosphere seemed decent too .
i really want this place to be good , but it just was not .
i was disappointed .
my husband got the wood grilled blackened halibut , and it was tiny .
it was alright , not good not awful , and overpriced for the size .
the shrimp skewer was overcooked .
they were dry and had very little flavor .
by the time it arrived everyone else was done their meal .
my daughter had the chicken tenders and did n't like them either .
the breading was very heavy and over done .
in all , skip it .
red lobster would probably have been better and cheaper too .
very disappointed and we wo n't be back !
to be honest , i wish i would have read the reviews online .
no waiting on a saturday night should be a clue .
we ignored them , but probably should have listened .
she started off with a bad attitude that was quickly going to get worse .
seating was very quick ; they are n't crowded at lunch .
`` you ca n't have a coleslaw because it comes with a vegetable . ''
after a _num_ minute wait the salad & bread were served .
then within _num_ minutes my main dish was brought out .
there is no coleslaw .
ca n't a girl get a coleslaw around here ?
the reply was '' oh , yes , another vegetable . ''
it took another _num_ minutes to get my coleslaw .
they comped the trout but still not sure i would go back .
would not recommend this place to anyone seeking good seafood .
my husband 's steak and prawns were weak .
the steak was not sirloin quality and the shrimp smelled and tasted badly .
my snow crab legs were good , but the side veggies were not .
overall our only positives were the side salads .
our server was pleasant but very slow .
no , it 's a very clean and shiny break in the plastic .
completely ruined .
inspect your gear thoroughly before leaving the shop .
the pastry was stale and hard and lacked flavor .
on our previous visit i did n't get dirty looks , only the attitude .
very dirty and sticky everywhere but the employees were nice and fast .
too bad not one was at the restaurant !
nothing was wilted or sour .
the fruit was in good shape , too .
they offer baked sweet potatoes as well as baked potatoes .
i was right , i should have just turned around and leave the place .
their selection of soups was very poor , maybe _num_ total .
rolls or bread was pitiful .
nothing wrong with a little veggie feast every now and again .
can i not have a whole bread stick ?
the people in this store are incredibly rude .
this walgreens literally deserves zero stars .
first off in the pharmacy department there is zero customer service !
oh well then just do n't bother coming here .
officially switching over to another pharmacy .
sad thing is i 've been coming here for years and nothing has changed .
the customer service is so poor .
nope you 're made to feel like an inconvenience .
they did bring out pizza to satisfy a little bit of our hunger .
we were placed near the bar , and it was very loud .
our waitress was unfriendly and all business .
no personality at all .
the macaroni rosa was only slightly warm and lacked flavor .
i 've had pink sauces before and this was no where close to them .
it 's a noodle with ricotta cheese in it .
i took one bite and was done .
i thought , what the hell , i give it another shot .
yet another disappointment .
totally terrible service .
i recommend getting the chicken marsala though .
our bill : $ _num_ - for one dish and garlic bread !
it 's ridiculous !
second , the service was terrible .
_num_ minutes after we were seated , we finally had the chance to order .
third , the way the restaurant is laid out , it 's very loud .
now , this is not the restaurants fault , but these people were obnoxious .
and finally , the food is terrible .
i probably will not be back to this location ... ever again .
worst service ever .
they ended up charging my card almost _num_ months later !
what a waste of time and money .
their use of the word feast borders on deceptive advertising .
what a rip-off for $ _num_ !
our response instead will be to never visit one of their restaurants again .
this company should be out of business so something better could fill the space .
if we could rate zero stars we 'd have done so .
while the food was decent the service was horrible .
i 'm not sure i 'd ever go back .
dont waste your time , or money .
this place is mediocre at best .
i should n't have to ask for bread with oil and vinegar .
i should n't have to ask for refills .
the food is only ok .
very disappointing .
it seems so unsanitary .
i do n't need every drink and appetizer described to me .
i had the bruschetta and it was such a huge disappointment .
seriously gross .
again - gross .
it was positively dripping in pesto cream sauce .
really , really unpleasant .
overall a huge disappointment .
i will not go back there again .
the food is greasy and sits like a lump in your stomach .
downside , they use processed white wheat when they make the food .
talk about overpriced and not very good .
and we also sat there for a good long time with empty soda glasses .
i would never go back to this place .
chopped antipasto salad and it 's not chopped very well .
sorry ; wish it was more exciting .
cars get broken into all the time at the st paul buca .
we recently ate at buca in st paul near the airport .
ha food was good service horrible .
now i remember why i do n't come here .
do not get the veal marsala , way too sweet .
i went back here finally after _num_ years of staying away .
if that was the case , i would have .
portions are good , but good portions of crap is still crap .
not a very good take out experience .
would not suggest take out from buca .
one of the worst dining experiences i 've ever had .
i wo n't be back .
spaghetti sauce was watery and spaghetti was not al dente .
chicken parm was bland .
bread was stale .
love they take you to your seat through the kitchen .
the waiter brought our drinks and some house bread .
i have to say that the house bread was pretty lousy .
we had the chicken parmesan , which was good .
i would not recommend this restaurant to my family and friends .
spend your money elsewhere on a better italian food .
_num_ ) food quality is awful .
just downright nasty .
_num_ ) the decor of the store is horrendous .
worse than the food .
_num_ ) ick .
ridiculous !
_num_ ) .
dont spend your money in this chain .
very bland .
no exaggeration .
do n't waste your time here .
really disappointing .
just another chain with folks who really do n't want to come to work .
seriously do n't bother .
restaurant felt dirty and definitely lack luster .
weird sewer smell and dusty everywhere .
food was ok at best and service was pretty bad .
unfortunate because it used to be pretty good .
will not be back .
literally zero flavor !
all the pastas were overcooked and overpriced .
overall impression is overpriced , over cooked , under flavored .
there is no way i will be back !
family style dining not really my thing .
service was okay , overall disappointing .
the service was horrible and the food worse .
it took over _num_ minutes just for the staff to ask about drinks .
the baked ziti was overcooked and lacked flavor .
it tasted like nothing .
severely disappointed in this place .
the worst part of it was when we asked the waiter for the manager .
they do n't deserve the money i gave them in the first place .
that 's how bad the manager and the service was .
then are entrees came in which was much smaller than i thought .
this place used to be good _num_ yrs ago but no more .
food is so bland that couldnt finish eating it .
service was not good either .
my husband and i were very disappointed !
i would not bring my children to a place like this .
the $ _num_ broccoli was practically raw ... too crunchy and not very good .
the fettuccine alfredo was the worst .
noodles over cooked and flavorless .
the prosciutto chicken was delicious , but the portion was small for $ _num_ .
service was marginal as well .
all in all ... i could n't wait to get out of there .
we spent over $ _num_ for an all over bad experience .
i will never visit a buca again .
server was friendly but the place was overly priced .
_num_ plus tax .
sorry but will not be returning .
been there _num_ times in the last _num_ months and wont go there again !
terrible service , ok food , and pathetic presentation .
i 'll never forget how gross it was and i 'll never go again .
ok food , poor service and by poor , mean slow .
also , the night we went , the place ran out of ice ?
brutal .
just came here for mothers day pickup for catering .
they asked me if i could wait _num_ minutes while they fixed the order .
i am going to cook burgers .
forget these clowns on a holiday .
it is a sure fire disaster .
the food was poor quality with a lack of options for variety .
gross !
this place is dirty and the food was horrible .
then came the ravioli which was watery with some canned tomatoes on top .
they probably would n't pass a health department inspection .
what a disaster .
the waiter brought out dinner plates which i passed out .
the pasta and chicken dishes were bland and tasteless .
the only good part of the meal was the salad and garlic bread .
for this experience we paid $ _num_ plus $ _num_ tip .
not digging that .
gross .
it is processed crap .
plus the alfredo sauce was laughable .
however , if you ever need to go order , pass it up .
tonight , we opted for take out as we had a sick child .
it was in a small catering tin and was probably 1/3 full of food .
very , very disappointed .
there just seemed to be a lack of communication all around .
i would absolutely , _num_ % not recommend this restaurant for private parties .
incredibly horrible service .
very disappointed .
they appreciate the customers they get , as should every restaurant .
it was awful .
their desserts are just stupid large .
friendly wait staff .
the chicken parm is inconsistent from visit to visit .
if the occasion called for it , i 'd come back .
but the service side of the scale is nearly empty .
it was finally time to leave , but buca would n't hear of it .
horrible `` food '' !
do not eat here ... go to the supermarket and buy better frozen cheaper .
took one bite and knew instantly it was frozen .
immediately left after short conversation with the manager who was surprisingly nice .
the server told us the balance on the gift card was zero .
it 's not very clean or organized .
would like to see them make it a little more user friendly .
most petsmart 's are the same unfortunately .
rude employees here .
oh ok ... so that makes it ok then i guess .
she came back stating the turtle was indeed turning himself over .
apparently she was upset that we cared too much for a turtle .
shame shame shame .
took our _num_ 1/2 yr old lab here for doggie day care .
this particular petsmart need to do a better job at training their employees .
hopefully someone from petsmart corporate reads this review and fixes this problem .
im sure they are losing customers just because of this one person .
she is almost _num_ yr old .
so that visit was so-so .
now _num_ months later i made sure i scheduled with someone else .
wo n't be back - they need to charge way less for inexperienced groomers .
so disappointed .
there should be for groomers as well .
they tried to up sell me like a dam car dealership .
do not recommend .
banfield costumer service is terrible .
no care or compassion at all .
i 'm completely disgusted with the poor customer service we received .
never dealing with petsmart again .
they 've really gone downhill in recent years .
no more .
the _num_ was only $ _num_ more .
by the way , i bought over $ _num_ worth of filter replacement products .
was petsmart taken over by new ownership ?
did petsmart forget they have competition ?
i suggest going to a competitor or buying online for your pet supplies .
petsmart no longer deserves to have customers with their new attitude .
so , that 's why i ca n't rate this place very well .
really ?
mine was way over cooked and the sides were all lackluster .
apparently they have vegetables but i would n't call them healthy .
i asked instead if i could have fresh green beans cooked by themselves .
my waitress said no .
totally ridiculous .
i will not be back .
the restaurants are always crowded and very loud .
they are always fall of the bone tender .
aside from that , we are unimpressed with everything else .
also , their wait is never bad .
ps : if you hate kids , do not come here .
last night for dinner my texas t-bone was under cooked and tough .
returned and was brought another t-bone under cooked and tough .
half rack of ribs were old and dry , sirloin overcooked .
server great , noise , food sucked , wo n't be back .
wish i had my $ _num_ back .
oh , get rid of the cinnamon butter .
i was not impressed with this place although i should have been .
the big problem were the ribs for me .
they were dry , and i mean bone dry which is no good .
not the worst but i have definitely seen better .
the meal was good , but the service was lousy .
not impressed .
although , the group selected afterwards were seated promptly .
i ordered the _num_ oz ribeye and honestly , i could have selected better .
the vegetable serving was completely overcooked .
this is my 3rd bad experience at this location .
they refused to give us another coupon for the remaining amount .
idiots cant cook a steak to save their lives .
idiots !
i was here on monday night for my moms birthday dinner .
it looked like it might have been dropped .
this is my 3rd bad experience at this location .
they refused to give us another coupon for the remaining amount .
not vegan friendly .
a big no no on restaurant nightmares .
they would not seat my girlfriend until i arrived .
salad had too much dressing on it .
my prime rib was just ok .
if you have a party larger than _num_ , do not go here .
worst customer service by a manager !
does n't value paying customers !
ps reading their facebook comments , others experienced the same as we did .
poor management !
horrible food .
tonight was one of those nights .
ate it all , then came the entree .
all i asked for was sour cream and butter on the potato .
again , it was me having a little food with my salt .
no one got their steaks cooked correctly .
she sent gets back .
what she got back looked like it might have been thrown in the microwave .
it was n't gone long enough to have been grilled longer .
this restaurant must have stock in blood pressure meds .
sorry , texas roadhouse .
you 'd already lost most of my family and friends .
cancelled and went somewhere else that could accommodate the customers needs .
no free food , no nothing .
horrible customer service .
the hostess asked how many people we reply _num_ adults _num_ children .
i was told that there was nothing they could do .
needless to say we went somewhere else .
customer service should be everything to the texas roadhouse but unfortunately it 's not .
i came here on a wednesday night with a friend .
the appetizers took _num_ minutes to get to us .
if it was super busy i would have understand .
after about _num_ minutes we started looking around trying to locate him .
he was standing at the bar watching a baseball game .
when they arrived , the rib 's were good , chicken was cooked nicely .
green beans were my side and they were stone cold .
i was beyond annoyed and just all around fed up .
i will not be coming back to texas roadhouse .
i drove across town to eat here after reading the mostly positive reviews .
if i 'd know , i would have just had water .
the bartender immediately brought me a basket of their rolls with cinnamon butter .
the green beans i simply did n't like .
they were also too salty to eat .
it was just salty corn in salty oily liquid .
of my entire meal , only my steak and sauted mushrooms were edible .
it 's too long a drive from my home to go back again .
i would not recommend the texas roadhouse to friends .
customer service is lacking .
the waitress took our empty basket and did n't come back with more .
when she brought them , they were cold again .
the service last night was very disappointing .
one should n't have to put up with a snooty hostess and bad service .
had the prime rib with sauteed mushrooms and steamed vegetables .
the sauted mushrooms were burnt and so was the 2nd batch .
i ate _num_ piece of carrot and the broccoli was literally inedible .
that would require me to come back to eat at your restaurant .
i ended up cleaning with a wet napkin .
the mashed potatoes were cold also .
the butter corn was luke warm .
not good .
it did n't work out that way however .
they never get the cook on my wife 's steak right .
our waiter had the personality of a cardboard box .
save yourself the frustration and hassle .
skip the dancing and country atmosphere and get your food cooked to order elsewhere .
it 's after _num_ , dang .
shame on you and your poor customer service .
but never , ever , ever give them your credit card for a membership .
next month rolls around and was charged another expired card fee .
no call no credit !
leaving this month to poor service .
horrible service , horrible spray tan both times i went .
customer service from courtney and amanda are horrible .
i could hear courtney laughing and they covered the phone .
they ca n't refund money at the local stores only corporate can do that .
as for the food , it was mediocre at best .
however , the meal as a whole was not even close to great .
in other words most of the food was cold .
any way dont waste your time here there is better across the street .
i wish i could get that meal back .
it was too packed , too dirty , and too greasy .
we got there and the place did n't even smell right .
it looked like an old run down hometown buffet .
there were tons of empty trays and theyre food looked very questionable .
they are stealing your money !
how are placing like this allowed to be open ?
will never return .
_num_ gals went there for a birthday party .
i wished someone would have searched this site for comments .
as others have said , it was gross from the minute we walked in .
almost every chair was ripped and torn .
the cold dishes was about _num_ '' off the ice .
hot foods were warm .
i wonder why the health dept has n't made a visit .
the whole place needs to be redone and deep cleaned from top to bottom !
every previous time was fantastic but this was just sad .
this store 's manager needs to get there staff in check asap .
then they gave us coupons to come back and sit for free next time .
does n't make sense in my book !
totally agree with the other reviewers about einstein 's being overpriced .
i so want to like this place .
thank god , it was n't busy because the service was so slow .
bagels were stale and blah as usual .
i hate coming here and i only come here to satisfy my kids .
this store also does n't deliver the bagels to your table .
pick one of those places and buy yourself some bagels .
just do n't come here , they do n't deserve you .
the service will be horrible .
when you get home , your order will be wrong .
you have been warned .
customer service is nonexistent here .
employees are not friendly at all .
second visit w/ my family of _num_ .
not a difficult order and not a busy time .
there were _num_ kinds there today , if that .
the customer service sucks even more than the selection .
she mentioned that she even complained to a regional manager .
if you like einstein 's bagels , do not go to this store .
the employees are rude , inconsiderate and could care less what you think .
if i could give this einstein bagel _num_ stars i would .
they could do no wrong in my eyes .
now i am terrified that more stores exist out there like this one .
the bathrooms were dirty , it was dead inside and i know why now .
if you want to have a bagel do n't go here .
it looked like they were all forced to be there and hated their lives .
go to your local grocery store and buy your own dozen .
avoid !
if possible , i would have rated no stars .
nasty bathrooms .
it feels as if we just walked into someone 's house without being invited .
a third party booked this room for me for _num_ nights .
my husband and i stayed at this motel for the last three nights .
the room we were then given , had a horrible smell !
i will never stay in a super _num_ motel again !
this was the most disappointing trip we have ever had !
if you appreciate the value of your money do not stay here !
are you kidding me ?
spend a little more money and stay somewhere else .
this place is gross , and smelly .
originally booked a room for _num_ nights here because they were pet friendly .
this place is disgusting to say the least !
i was worried about leaving my dog alone in the room let alone myself .
the bathroom clearly had not been cleaned .
nasty .
gross .
however , the beds were comfy .
he listened , looked at all photos .
no stars should be given !
it 's disgusting !
we had to leave _num_ hours after checking in !
i 'm not a fan of buffets .
so , why did i go here ?
wrong !
mmmmmm , chicken strips .
wrong again .
not good .
went with the lowest expectations and was n't disappointed .
not a fan of buffets or of fried foods or fatty foods .
the clam chowder was ok .
no alcohol here .
the hot fudge dispenser at the desert bar was empty .
this place does n't have much to choose from .
waitresses take too long to clean up dirty tables .
beverage area was always dirty .
the steamed fish was dry and smelled bad ; like the fish was old .
and no beef selection .
it just was not a good dining experience .
this location has too many tables and not enough buffet .
i counted _num_ counters including the drink station .
freakin ' hibachi grill has way more selection .
no chicken enchiladas here .
they had a tub of chicken tortilla soup but absolutely no soup bowls .
not good .
they are n't next to the right food .
hubby said the pizza was n't good .
my chocolate cake was very stale .
we got some food sat down and ate .
we were not thrilled .
the food was dry and cold .
so we went back and looked there but was nothing that we wanted .
more food was out and it was better .
we both ended up getting very sick from eating there .
i would not recommend going there .
very disappointed we all felt very ill after leaving .
disappointed .
as we got closer , we discovered it was cheesy mac and cheese .
my husband took one bite and it was bloody .
sorry to the people who saw me get sick outside the restaurant .
seriously gross food .
the food smells bad and looks even worse .
even my boys who all love food barely ate .
so disappointing for how much we paid !
they were out , was going to take about a half hour .
threw was no white meat fried or baked chicken .
it 's like they did n't know how to manage with a full house .
the turkey was not worth the wait .
the middle section by the soda machines had _num_ dirty tables .
not the best but wanted breakfast and had a coupon for the family .
unfortunately , they may never be able to return .
i was appalled at the language and behavior that was allowed in the arena .
-the maze is gigantic .
very gross !
no one wants to be touching another persons chewing gum while playing .
this facility does cost more than other competitors in the area .
check prices before you go and see what other facilities are offering .
not cool !
the laser tag itself was pretty decent but everything else wasnt great .
the arcade is small and the food is terrible .
which is not what was said .
i will not be going back .
they are not the only game in town anymore .
honestly , do n't waste your money and go to laser quest .
my _num_ minutes turned into closer to _num_ .
i finished the soup and salad , yet the server was not around .
the empty plates and drink cups sat there for nearly _num_ minutes .
the one redeeming factor was that it was n't karaoke night .
that usually is a horrible experience .
this is the second applebee 's that i tried in the last year .
they were bad and hard .
and my chicken was burnt and dry and overcooked .
sadly , we were quite disappointed .
quite empty , which we thought was good as we figured service would rock !
not so .
all of ours were cold .
finally , all of us except my husband left .
very poor service .
waitress seemed out of it and did n't care at all .
it was n't even a crowded night .
came here twice , service sucked both times ... do n't recommend this location .
needless to say , we will not be back for a while .
nothing there that would keep us coming back like before .
the waitress was bad and took _num_ minutes between refills .
applebee 's is a good place to eat , but skip this location .
i 'll drive another _num_ miles out of the way to avoid this one .
ate at the bar on a sunday after work .
no discount .
the manager just did n't seem to care about anything .
i wo n't rush back .
service was mediocre .
i was not happy .
she gave me my limeade free of charge .
i wo n't be going back to this location again .
i waited _num_ minutes before going inside and finding out my order was ready .
thinking back i do remember having a problem at this location about _num_ yrs .
i guess they have n't improved much in those years .
waited _num_ mins for drinks .
he did this literally _num_ times .
tonight was definitely not their night .
i just told the kids , they are having a bad night lets go .
bathrooms are a mess .
service was terrible and slow .
the stereo was way too loud for a family type atmosphere .
service very slow !
they waited at least _num_ to get their orders and drinks taken .
another _num_ minutes to get their drinks !
terrible service .
terrible meal .
our sandwiches were very dry like they used stale bread .
the place was almost empty .
dont eat here i would give them _num_ if i could !
place is disgusting .
staff at bar falling over and being obnoxious while in uniform .
drinks were terrible .
none of the food looked very fresh and it was pretty greasy .
sadly , the worst part was the condition of the restaurant .
do not recommend this restaurant .
had to wait well over _num_ minutes for food and then it was cold .
it 's gone downhill since then .
i had the teriyaki chicken , which was pretty good and very flavorful .
he yelled at the customer and was extremely disrespectful .
cream cheese sushi = not cool .
the worst !
did not get what we ordered .
i do not recommend to anyone .
food is bland and just nothing to get excited about .
the bread seemed old and tasted stale .
finally their fries were a disappointment .
my husband and i went there for our first time today .
what a mistake .
the inside trash was overflowing .
too late .
the food though , is not so fantastic .
both tasted deep fried , which is totally weird .
service was horrible !
my order was n't complete , i had to ask for my toast .
it was n't great , but it was n't horrible .
for the cost , i felt cheated .
honestly , i will not go here again .
i order bacon & eggs , wife got the _num_ $ omelet .
my biggest beef the music was ridiculously loud !
that was the only good thing about this place .
they were dry , over done and cold .
the batter was over beaten so they were tough and chewy .
i ordered the bagel breakfast , which sounded great , but beware !
first , no fresh fish menu .
so i ordered uni , hamachi , smoked sake ( i know .
pretty fishy , but that is to be expected .
the cooked dishes were forgettable , but not terrible .
i 've never been so disappointed in a $ _num_ check .
ok ; here is my input .
still an `` average '' place for sushi and japanese food .
the prices are slightly on the high side , but not outrageous .
every watch that chef on iron chef ?
the first time i had the ramen and it was n't very good .
i 'm no sushi expert , but i was n't terribly impressed .
it was a huge disappointment .
_num_ nigiri sushi orders ( _num_ pieces each ) _num_ rolls .
at the time it was the highest average rating for sushi in mesa .
we ordered the tuna , yellowtail , tempura , and salmon sushi rolls .
let 's just say the yellowtail almost made both of us sick .
however , all where average to poor .
me and probably my companion will never go back again .
one of the servers barely spoke any english .
the uni was actually pretty good but really was not impressed with the tempura .
the hamachi was served with skin on it which i really do not like .
this is not good sushi , do not waste your time or money .
none of us ordered sushi .
my wife was surprised to find the ramen noodles to be spicy .
no one was complementary about their meal .
came here due to the good reviews but i was disappointed .
the sushi did not taste very good .
not very professional .
there was not one thing that would make me want to return .
i usually go by yelp recommendations for new places to eat .
it was only about a few tables busy .
poor guy was so tired of waiting .
she quickly said sorry but not very sincerely .
will not go back .
welcoming atmosphere but did n't enjoy the sushi here that much !
i 'd rather go to tempura sushi bar instead .
i have eat here many times before , the sushi is very low priced .
i will never go their again !
this place sucks will not suggest to anyone !
food was good but waiting over an hour was ridiculous .
only _num_ tables .
wo n't be going back .
everything else i 've eaten recently is stuff i 've had before .
the menu looked like it had several great options .
the vegas roll was drenched in soy sauce .
i was very disappointed .
her noodles were n't bad but my curry was pretty bland .
nothing special .
terrible , horrible , awful !
save your nails and do not make a visit here .
went in for a simple manicure and they damaged my nails beyond repair .
within _num_ days two of my nails snapped and broke into the nail bed .
do not take your nails to nail _num_ be !
my apartment was clean and left in rent able condition when i left .
the staff seems friendly , but are very slow to help with concerns .
which was not discussed at my lease signing .
they turned off my water without notice .
do n't move in !
it does n't make me feel the pampering that i deserve .
no one said hello or offered to help us .
i do n't like tomatoes .
the replacement burrito tastes slightly better than the first but not by much .
ugh f me and my burrito cravings .
my burrito was ok.
neither one was anything special .
the salsa bar was a mess .
tables were a mess .
i wo n't be going back .
needless to say , we asked for our money back and left .
the food is fresh and edible , but very forgettable .
a veggie burrito for example is _num_ calories .
i will not be returning .
it was just okay , but not great .
the person in the bath room was a hispanic baja fresh worker .
he then left and we went in '' it was disgusting .
never eating there again after this ... gross !
she then said , she would have to figure it out .
wrote all of this with no call , she must still be on hold .
they may be conveniently located but there is nothing else convenient about chase .
i just assumed that there must be more to the story .
in all my years , i 'd not experienced it .
i like trader joe 's , just not a big fan of this location .
could this place be anymore crowded ?
even then there is no order to checking out .
bad check out experiences every time i come here .
but today was exceptionally bad .
bad business !
bad business !
bad business !
their excuse was that first estimate was only good for _num_ hours .
i 'm out another office visit fee only for them to change the estimate .
anyone else ripped off by them ?
do not give them any of your money !
next time i will take my new dog elsewhere .
very disappointing one person does n't know what the other one is doing !
very unorganized establishment .
ill never take my dog to this location again !
this place is ridiculous .
i waited for _num_ minutes before walking out .
we sat in the bar ( i like to avoid screaming children ) .
it took over _num_ minutes for our salads to arrive !
the server never checked on us and i had to go find him .
the tomatoes were so hard and pink they were borderline inedible .
they were topped with one basil leaf and half of a mini mozzarella ball .
it sucked .
if you go , have the bread and leave !
not good when the wife is looking for drinks .
when we arrived , the place was mostly empty .
very disappointing , bland food , burnt pizza crust .
will not go again , the end of a family tradition .
just blah in my opinion ... .
tonight we dined on pasta and ass .
i just do n't have much faith in italian chains in general .
i went here the other night and it was a fairly not awesome experience .
the food was completely bland .
my pasta came burnt ( crispy noodles ! )
skip this place for sure !
this was n't a horrible dining experience .
probably closer to a _num_ star .
but it certainly was n't fantastic .
it just was n't great .
restaurant was almost empty you would think the service would be better .
never saw the manager to check on us .
walked in at _num_ on a friday night .
i signed up for yelp just to share this ridiculous experience .
party of _num_ .
had to wait _num_ minutes anyway .
looks good from the outside , but inside ... service ... not good !
we all stated , `` gross '' at the same time .
nothing at all .
do n't want you to see what you are actually getting i guess .
the pesto bean bruschetta lacked flavor ( where was the pesto ?
and should have been served warm .
the stuffed mushrooms were just boring .
hubby got the trio and did n't even bring the spaghetti home .
he said it was terrible .
was told there was a _num_ minute wait .
when i complained , she said they had a reservation .
then she said there were _num_ more parties before us .
i was pissed .
there was no apology .
and no one over the age of _num_ to complain too .
too bad they had no flavor .
it was such a shame .
f -- - me , i still have $ _num_ to spend .
the sale is scheduled to close mid _num_ .
not sure if any of the phoenix locations are company owned or not .
well tonight was not a good experience .
in fact , it sucked .
my wife usually gets cold so we thought that would be a great .
after taking our drink orders she just walked away .
once again , she offered no specials or recommendations .
we looked around and other patrons had bread , yet we did not .
what a disappointment !
their standards have fallen considerably .
first of all the place looks somewhat dingy .
our silverware was dirty as was the wall next to our booth .
it was totally bland .
we could n't get out of there fast enough .
when we left the place was virtually empty .
went here tonight for my sister 's birthday per her request .
drinks were never refilled .
no water was ever refilled .
our waiter said she could choose one so she chose the chocolate cake .
it took _num_ minutes for the dessert to come out .
service is poor and food quality is just okay .
went here to eat tonight for dinner .
the olive oil without our bread was the first red flag .
more than _num_ minutes later possibly more our bread came .
our drinks arrived _num_ minutes after that .
the people sitting at the actual bar were getting better service !
we ordered a couple of appetizers and they were horrible .
now , this crap is garbage .
my wife had some rigatoni stuff and it was terrible .
i asked the server what the hell is going on .
they do n't even wear ties anymore and they wear jeans !
this one is garbage and their food sucks .
if you do n't believe me , then go there yourself .
the room was about 1/3 full and we were all being crammed together .
i also wish i could give this dump a negative _num_ stars .
first clue , very slow service .
apps were n't bad .
meatballs in a way hot sauce and something that looked worse than it tasted .
entrees were at best terrible .
my side of spaghetti was cold .
not just not hot or warm , cold .
my wife ordered some shrimp pasta dish , not alfredo .
she told me shrimp was tough and had me try it .
it was like eating wet cardboard .
there was a total of _num_ tables with other diners .
once seated our server stopped by very quickly to get drink orders and apps .
we even joked that it was because someone ordered lasagna .
the parmesan crusted chicken salad .
now , you might be thinking , `` damn , little harsh bro ! ''
that is just inexcusable .
piss poor .
not a chance .
after our order was taken everything was terrible .
tables throughout were left dirty and disgusting .
let me stress i will never be back .
this was rude and ridiculous .
i am done with macaroni grill , as long as everyone in our party .
thanks for nothing and for charging us .
they 're doing nothing but losing money .
the fact that they have an opera trained singer on staff .
we were seated immediately , and the waitress was friendly .
she seemed very confused about what was on draft when we inquired .
it was a sea of black pepper and a few sprinkles of olive oil .
my food was ok with pasta that was a little too rubbery in texture .
there are probably lots of better italian restaurants in the area that are better .
cold food and indifferent service .
not a fan of panda express .
portion size very little at this panda .
i really do n't have time to teach english while placing my order .
they seem to run out of the popular items a lot .
panda express , i wish i could quit you !
craving chinese , so we went back to this location today .
same thing happened the last time i was here .
do not eat at this location .
this has been the third time i have been here with the same issues .
go away this is all we have .
i went there for dinner and the service and food was terrible .
the sauce was watered down and was more rice than the chicken .
too many options in this area .
let me take a bite ... ... is that ?
waiter : `` well thats our sauce .
me : `` no .
it isnt just tomato .
too bad .
excuse me ?
no one asked you your opinion about my dogs training collar .
i used to refer this clinic , but no longer will .
i was n't planning on letting them trash the place .
the dr snapped at me asking why we even had dogs .
but the customer service is awful .
i will not be going back .
waste of time , but fine .
is this some sort of sick joke ?
horrible place !
if they did care they would n't be so rough and hurt them !
she was so rude !
also the guy at the front desk is somewhat rude .
the price i 'm paying is n't that great either .
the only good thing is the location is close to me .
if i would have to do it again i would go to another location .
my experience here has been horrible .
no big deal .
i have adopted a few dogs before .
i was a little irritated at this point .
she yelled at my daughter to get away from the dog .
she responded with , `` i do n't care what she is doing .
that 's not the issue .
my husband and i usually stop at this chilis when we do go .
he walked away relatively quickly but he too was very friendly .
took ten minutes to be greeted by wait staff .
dined on a tuesday night at 5:30 restaurant was dead .
would n't be surprised if this one closed soon .
avoid this location at all costs .
just back from the worst lunch experience i have ever had .
plenty of available tables but none the less , was asked to sit there .
when the drinks arrived , we ordered from the menu .
odd , i thought this was grilled shrimp .
so , i bit into another one and yep , cold .
( its _num_ degrees outside today . )
no thank you .
i left a _num_ tip and we left .
the phone call did not go well .
( grilled chipotle shrimp salad ? )
again ... never going to this place again .
if jessica was our actual server then the rating would have been better .
not great , but not bad .
so i sent an email .
another week passed and a second email has gone ignored .
my next step is to contact chili 's corporate offices .
that is the _num_ stars for tonight .
not anymore .
my boyfriend & i are regulars at all chilis locations .
every time we go to this location , the service is horrible .
they take _num_ mins to greet us after were sat , if that .
anyway , the food is always delish , compliments to the chef .
usually , we have no problems , but tonight it was exceptionally bad .
there was none .
david ( bartender ) and his partner were extremely rude .
gross !
overall , completely terrible .
it was a tuesday night , practically empty .
all around a disappointing visit .
but today our service was beyond horrible .
never again !
do not eat here .
very poor service .
our waiter was n't attentive at all .
the original baby back ribs were very dry & hardly any meat on them .
ordered dinner for _num_ adults and _num_ child .
cup of soup was barely warm ... .
this is not a well run location .
_num_ star .
only because i ca n't give it _num_ stars .
sat for _num_ minutes , nobody greeted us .
and our service was slow .
very disappointed in chilis .
we paid $ _num_ for a cake with shit berries .
this entire meal was so not worth it .
i ordered catering twice this week at this location .
yesterday , i ordered catering again ( same exact order as before ) .
when i arrived , the food was not ready and nothing was bagged up .
this location was messy , unorganized and unapologetic .
and the food sucked !
i could n't get a good meal to save my life that day .
i have been to other locations twice before and each experience was okay .
we went and the service was slow and our food was wrong .
i wo n't go back .
this restaurant closed down about a year ( or more ) ago .
i stood around for awhile .
so i ended up buying a more expensive model .
when i got to the register apparently it was not working .
does n't office max deal in computers ?
anyway , it took about _num_ min to make my purchase .
the store was clean but the staff was way less then stellar .
they rang me up took the card and gave me the discount no problem .
this store is not organized well .
she said they probably were and kept ringing me up .
she said oh yeah , what do you want me to check .
complete waste of time .
i just know i 'm not shopping there again .
took over an hour to get printed , sat there waiting patiently .
manager on the phone could only say i 'm sorry that it happened .
was there the night of may _num_ .
staff were less than helpful , in fact they were n't helpful at all .
poor customer service was an understatement for this store .
the store was a ghost town but yet no representative even acknowledged my existence .
the barista was so rude , like , unbelievably rude .
again , with a very rude tone .
i 've never been treated this way at a starbucks .
i pity every customer that has to suffer their poor attitudes .
she did n't even apologized .
worst coffee and service ever .
i 'm running out of starbucks to go to .
not that impressed .
wo n't be back .
they wanted to charge me additional because my vehicle was `` over sized '' .
this business just lost my business .
not even getting started on the bad job they did with cleaning my car .
third strike and they 're out .
not _num_ minutes later i saw my car in line to be washed .
why would i bring it here to be done if it was clean already ?
ugh .
so frustrating .
hey , it 's not his fault .
please avoid this place .
mean employees that were literally yelling at drivers .
very disappointed in wash results .
i 've tried _num_ of their locations and had bad service at each .
worst car wash i 've ever had !
i did n't notice til today that the milk was still there !
paid top dollar for shampoo full interior and wax .
will never use them again , this was second time .
i do n't know how they have stayed in business this long .
never had such horrible service anywhere .
needless to say , we will not be returning to this car wash .
gave this place another shot today and i regret it .
i was charged $ _num_ for the oil change .
that 's not what i asked for .
the `` manager '' was not professional and i will not be going back .
did n't touch the inside of the windshield until i pointed it out .
left the broken piece just sitting there .
rude ass people !
like who the fuck cares i came here to wash my car .
it 's not closed you just put two cones on the entrance .
i would give them no star if i could 've !
i told him i had just received a monthly pass , a splash pass .
this is the worst car wash i 've ever been to !
do not go to this car wash , full circle !
this car wash includes the interior and exterior to be cleaned .
he said his manager , tony , was n't in today .
he never gave me my money back either !
never offered me a car wash in the future .
disappointed !
they tried hard sale upgrades from the jump .
and they backed off .
he gave me some tips cuz he knows cars and owns a dealership .
do n't u wipe the interior ?
oil change guys , not so much !
car is clean outside however the interior not so great .
did a terrible job , left cleaning gear in the truck .
first visit did not clean bugs off vehicle and did damage to roof .
lost the chance at a good new customer with four cars .
needless to say i will not return and i would not recommend this business .
worst so called wash ever !
outside not bad , but the inside looks like they did nothing .
no call that it was finished .
they did a terrible job !
i 've had $ _num_ car washes that were cleaned better .
they ripped us off .
if you 're thinking of getting a car wash here , do n't .
you had the car for _num_ hours .
not even worth my time or money .
do not recommend .
disappointed .
poor service and poor wash job .
they do a better job and they dont talk back .
i would not recommend this credit union to any one .
my husband and i have had nothing but problems and rude customer service .
i was really disappointed by the whole meal , from start to finish .
will not be back .
every time i go to this place it gets worse and worse .
i ordered oven roasted herb chicken .
not as big as you 'd think , especially for the price .
it 's very dark , too dark for my taste .
unfortunately , we felt ignored by the staff .
this was not our first visit but it was our last .
$ _num_ for a small piece of dry meat and a baked potato ?
overall disappointing .
it took our server _num_ minutes to tell us .
i ordered the ribeye special .
and it was crap .
with no wine .
i stopped at mcdonalds on the way back to my hotel .
this place sucks .
this place sucks ... service is the worst ever !
i do n't know what has happened but this place has gone downhill .
the service that was once so amazing , sucked .
thing is , the servers make the salads themselves so she clearly just forgot .
my chicken sandwich , which is normally delicious , had very little flavor .
it had no flavor , when in the past , it 's been delicious .
ridiculous .
this restaurant that was once so great is now crap .
i will not be going back .
poor service .
this location his location is not up to the charleston 's standards .
should n't he be worried ?
draft beers were n't even cold .
ugh .
not impressed one bit .
they seem to be accommodating to the handicapped though .
not so anymore .
$ _num_ prime rib that you could hardly cut with a knife .
too bad .
did n't want to complain when every one else was real happy .
we had dinner here last night and were disappointed .
he did not return with a cloth or anything .
no wait at all at charleston 's , and with good reason .
the food is very overpriced especially when you consider portion size .
texas roadhouse beats the pants off of this place hands down .
she finally got her grilled cheese sandwich another _num_ minutes later .
worst experience ever !
did not even eat left ruining our night .
eat at your risk , dirty kitchen and dining room .
find another place to get your wings .
the sauces could not be split on all the orders which is a bummer .
it was n't horrible but it was strange .
i ca n't quite place what the smell is with them .
some of the wings were crispy and some were not so crispy .
very disappointed !
i called up like i usually do and put my order in .
they got _num_ pizzas wrong .
we went back to complain and got attitude from them and no apologies .
it requires patience .
hot and ready pizza ?
not at this location .
calling ahead does n't help either .
my brother lives here and this place is a shit hole .
he has problems with the maintenance men here all the time .
does the term `` market rate '' appear anywhere in your lease ?
hell no !
oh , wait ... .
unless it 's late at night .
do n't walk , run from these apartments .
i lived there for one month and hardly made a mark in the place .
my apartment was not clean when i moved in !
i am a healthcare traveler and my company put me up in these apartments .
the place is a shit hole .
run down , everything is out dated .
save your money because these places are not worth it .
nobody picks up after there animals so watch where you step .
but anything that came from the office was garbage !
we left the apartment two months early because we got into a house .
we gave them the keys yesterday , excited that the fees would stop .
save yourself money and trouble , do n't use this company !
plus _num_ dogs !
it 's horrible !
this place is nothing more then a hotel _num_ !
would not recommend them to anyone .
perhaps if these people grow up , they 'll , um , grow up .
people in this part of town also can not read or count money .
people there are polite , and the customers have a brain .
so i ordered the tacos at $ _num_ each .
i ordered _num_ de pastor and _num_ of lengua .
i really did n't like the tacos .
i do n't know how this restaurant earned _num_ stars .
when we first walked in , it felt like we were in a sauna .
the food was not fresh as they advertised on their front glass window .
there was hair in my food and the employees were rude .
first time .
burnt meat on _num_ tacos and a burrito .
bad red sauce and the tortillas were dried and burnt .
my experience was very different .
the service was nothing exceptional .
ordered the cheeseburger and the chili cheese fries with onions .
but my breakfasts made at home kill over what we got .
for breakfast so how could we go wrong ?
the staff was as friendly as could be .
it was a sunday , people were chatting .
hot dog , was a standard hot dog on a fresh bun .
i could see the fat being squeezed out of it .
well , my wife had a hair in her shake sooo that is disgusting .
they gave us _num_ bucks back for the shake and apologized .
bacon cheeseburger , fries and coke .
it was the standard burger you eat in your neighbors yard at a bbq .
not even close , but their prices are close .
are the winners in taste , value and price .
_num_ guys is awesome but a royal rip off .
fries were lukewarm .
but a little below average .
burgers top bun was very hard .
wo n't come back .
my largest complaint is that i was charged $ _num_ for a milkshake here .
service was bad .
went back out and ate what we had ordered and it was alright .
did seem giant too me .
nothing special going on here .
will not be going back ever .
floors , tables , etc are dirty and gross .
burger was nothing special .
fries were ok but not hot enough .
just ate at this restaurant and i was extremely disappointed .
i read reviews that were good , and i should not have believed them !
i asked the waitress if the chili was homemade and she said no .
she told me i should have gone with the bacon cheeseburger .
fries were n't the fresh cut kind and the chocolate shake was bland .
gross .
not worth it .
would not recommend .
bad service and burgers are not that good .
$ _num_ no way !
way to much money for that !
most likely i will not be returning !
i never heard from gary and he never showed up that day .
very disappointed in the customer service i received .
at least talk trash about customers not in front of other customers .
it seems like common sense to me .
not a pleasant experience this saturday morning .
if there is a option , i would give them zero star .
this monday i found my car is dripping oil .
they said it cost over _num_ bucks to fix the pan .
no thank you .
i can not believe that .
no wait or cars ahead of me and they still took forever .
over _num_ mins for an oil change and an air filter change .
horrible .
first off , i know my way around a car .
i was told they would get me right in and look at it .
i 'm sorry , but wtf .
there 's no service .
maybe a return visit on a tuesday in july .
toppings are only done in 1/2 .
frustrating !
the pizza is not even worth eating , imo .
the beer and wine is cheap .
i have n't been here in _num_ + years ever since my last experience .
food was edible ... not good , not the worst .
i think most people are being very generous to say it 's ok .
very bad pizza .
to me , the only positive thing of the place is the organ music .
and then they cheated on the toppings too .
overall , the place has the ambience of a german beer hall during oktoberfest .
but the food is terrible .
i am thinking people are writing reviews for the atmosphere and not the food .
the food is not good .
it was n't bad but could have used more sauce .
why not just collect the full amount when you place an order .
it could be a little awkward .
ca n't believe we drive _num_ miles for this place .
i did n't know you could screw that up .
we came , we tried , we wo n't be doing it again !
i just returned from a meet up at the organ stop pizza .
the pizza was mediocre at best .
the room was crowded .
i really did n't enjoy it as much as i thought i would .
his entire arm was covered in american flag tattoos .
wait staff at the front counter were awful !
not kid friendly in menu choices @ drink counter .
only accepts cash or checks , does not take debit / credit cards .
pizza is below average & over priced .
the organ is the obvious highlight .
the pizza was n't bad .
cash only , pricey , leave it for the tourist !
let me just say this was not my thing .
crazy setup , you wait in a line and order your pizza .
( wow , possibly worst description ever .
i read other reviews , ignoring the food , but come on now .
it 's _num_ % about the food and the food sucked .
peter piper pizza has better food than this place .
there was no redeeming quality in anything we ordered .
not true .
it 's obvious the owners are strictly in business for the money .
i wo n't be back .
when i watch them play , i 'm totally in awe .
pizza is not so great , service is just ok , and cash only ?
plus the way you order is a mess .
the pizza was some weird and mixture of blah .
buying drinks by the pitcher is fine but it 's soda ... seriously ?
unfortunately , it 's not always enough .
the food is overpriced and very sub-par .
but again ... not worth it .
starving .
drove over to mesa and walked in to be instantly turned away .
so rude .
not allowed to wait in the building at all .
made no sense .
ugh .
queens pizza and the waitstaff was awesome .
wait in another line to order your drinks .
we went at _num_ on a week night and the place was packed .
this was our date night , and that 's really weird .
and from there , could n't see the organ at all .
tonight was our second and likely final visit to organ stop .
sad to have a musician get a power trip .
it was n't worth the noise and the people .
not going back , i think .
like a bad joke that sucks in _num_ year olds ) .
this management company is horrible .
wondering when the common areas in dobson place will be maintained .
dead plants are not being replaced .
on several occasions i have had to deal with this company , unfortunately .
no vote , just a letter that they have decided to not allow it .
if you are considering using this company , i would recommend using someone else .
i was in the area so i tried out royal cleaners .
went here for the first time because they had the _num_ mens shirt special .
will never take my dry cleaning back to this cleaner .
bad business if you want a customer to come back .
big mistake .
needed _num_ buttons on a shirt .
they told me that they might not have the same ones .
but they put _num_ different color buttons on the shirt .
there is no sense of customer service at all .
not expect bed bugs but i know nothing about the bug .
the clean up service outside is horrible !
the maintenance was nice but lazy .
the management is not up to par there 's always a lack of communication .
i 'm so disappointed i 've never been to an apartment like this !
this place is horrible !
biggest mistake ive ever made .
what is advertised on the web site is not what you get .
nothing in our apartment is updated .
photos i posted are only a small handful of everything i took pics of .
terrible customer service .
they were talking poorly of customers .
i do not recommend this store .
there is tolerable people there .
during these years i have not seen much improvement on customer service .
wo n't be going back .
seems like you would be more supportive of paying customers .
zero stars .
i was pissed .
now not one good item !
_num_ items should get you at least $ _num_ !
the store was n't even packed either !
i really would n't even give this place one star !
not anymore i am not sure who owns it now but what a shame !
they do n't even deserve _num_ star !
either way i 'm not returning !
i am so disappointed in the way they handled my accident .
the vet said it was likely from the cleaning fluids .
maybe she was having a bad day , but i was very unimpressed .
we left our _num_ dogs here june _num_ .
no problems .
again , june _num_ left our dogs there for _num_ days while on vacation .
we wait _num_ minutes after our appointment time to be brought back .
that did n't sit well with us .
i have never been so unhappy with a vet in all my life .
they would not let us hold her or help at all .
very disrespectful and rude .
i would never take this dog or any animal back to this office .
i would n't send my worst enemy there .
i then scheduled the appointment to save $ _num_ .
had i been that late they would have cancelled my appointment .
explained it for about _num_ seconds to my daughter .
i guess i 'm too old to understand and was out like a shot .
the front desk staff are very disorganized .
this is really too bad as the doctors and back office staff are good .
terrible terrible terrible .
if i could leave no stars , i would !
very rude , show no interest , and make you feel stupid !
i was in tears because of how disrespectful and awful this experience was .
i hate this place !
this company has to have the worst customer service in the world .
i left a terrible review .
the worst place i 've ever encountered in my life .
they had me come back in and had me fooled they made things right .
i refuse to give these people time of day again .
wish i could give less than _num_ star .
just pain terrible .
all they had to do was call me they have my number .
worst health care facility i have ever been to .
my new doctor told me that was probably caused by using the wrong lens .
caution to all food city shoppers at southern and mesa dr !
i 've always purchased ground beef from this location and never had problems .
i personally do n't recommend them due to my experience with them .
what a nightmare .
i have no heat until wednesday .
owner is not willing to do anything about it .
the job obviously still is n't complete _num_ months after the job was done .
i 'm very disappointed .
so now i know why my house has n't been rented in _num_ months .
that is _num_ months of mortgage payments down the drain .
bad experience .
i would give this _num_ stars if i could .
just fair warning if you plan to work with these guys .
however , not so much .
i would avoid this place at all costs .
i would warn you to avoid this shop and go to performance muffler instead .
i spoke too soon .
their shop was empty so i figured it would get done quickly .
he said it was a _num_ dollar job .
avoid at all costs .
imo , denise at todd 's needs a class in customer service .
her sense of urgency is very poor .
high price , takes two or more trips and would not recommend .
looking at other review sites , this is not the company i want .
they advertise a lot , but that does not mean much to me .
whatever your bag is , they can make it .
the 1st time i ate here .
my friends chicken strips tasted like sausage .
the strips were replaced with chicken tasting chicken .
they gave me guacamole in a small paper cup .
my friend noticed that i got the wrong size .
next time i will spend more money .
for better service at giant burger that is in the same mall .
worst service ever !
worse whataburger yet !
i will never ever return to this whataburger !
it was unacceptable .
the food is n't too bad for bar food .
that 's where it goes down hill .
the wait staff there favors the larger groups .
no apology and it took over a week to fix the error .
i have been sitting in this establishment for _num_ minutes .
and not to mention the _num_ fee with no description next to it .
he 's like there 's no fee .
lame fee people .
was a neighborhood stop for me but not no more .
two thumbs down .
wish i could give no stars .
ok , i stopped in with _num_ friends last night .
she was n't real friendly but that was n't a big deal .
anyway , she give me back $ _num_ in change .
needless to say , this is outrageous pricing and we will not be returning .
the food is so-so , nothing special , though fairly priced .
the rotation is too long to work it 's way back around .
made me feel sick to my stomach .
it 's definitely not for the younger scene .
if you 're looking to play darts , do n't waste your time .
the darts do n't stick and are broken .
pathetic .
they just take up room .
i 'm not being rude , or exaggerating my review in any way .
possibly the worst pizza and wings i have ever had !
this still does n't excuse them for selling crap .
the pizza was super thin with virtually no sauce or crust .
even the ingredients were terrible .
low quality bread cheese n pepperoni .
this place should be ashamed to serve the crap they do .
go to oregano 's instead .
so gross .
so , so gross .
do n't waste you 're time or your money .
awful wings , filthy tables .
pizza tastes like frozen ... burgers are nothing special .
overpriced mediocre food ... .
not great , but not bad .
friendly , but painfully slow .
i felt abandoned many times .
what should have been a _num_ hour visit , easily turned into _num_ .
in a word : depressing .
otherwise , we might as well have been sitting in an elementary school cafeteria .
absolutely awful food , terrible service , and a gross dirty restaurant .
have been there to eat _num_ times .
it is also dirty and the service can be very slow .
too many other good choices around town .
this is so not acceptable .
terrible all around .
boy was i wrong .
needless to say i will never return to this location .
management needs to understand this is not how you treat customers .
this place is gross !
i am shocked and disgusted !
first noticeable thing was the smell .
wings came out and could not believe how small they were .
service was slow .
the fish and chips actually took _num_ or _num_ minutes .
fries were a little soggy but fish good .
not helpful or smiley .
this is the worst you can do to a customer .
are you too lazy to walk them to a table ?
- place was disgusting .
no ambience , not hip at all .
- rude waiters , specially the guys that work here .
no smile , not friendly .
- our chicken strips came out burnt .
not worth it .
it was not the bartenders shift .
he was there sitting as a patron with friends .
we understand rules , but they should apply to everyone .
horrible just horrible .
first off , the wings we ordered were all too salty .
it really tasted like it was thrown in a bucket of salt !
i was so disappointed .
and then just transferred our call .
disgusting !
you can smell cigarette smoke while waiting to be seated .
everytime ive come to this native , it sucks .
the servers are never attentive , food is mediocre .
once had delicious juicy wings , now the worst wings i 've ever had .
tonight was an extreme disappointment !
they were tasteless , even with the flavors i choose .
i was not impressed at all and do not plan on returning .
only gave two stars because of his customer service .
the food was n't as flavorful as i remember it to be .
this location is pretty crappy .
it was n't until recently we were n't able to go as often .
oh my gosh going back seemed like the worst experience we have ever had .
looking at these reviews i can already see others having the same problem .
not impressed at all .
the food is not that food to wait that long .
this location was very dirty ( i.e .
the table was sticky , the floor had trash all over the place ) .
fries are cheap to make , what 's the issue ?
wo n't be back again , definitely picking a different location .
slow service mixed with the worst cheese possible on a pizza .
the table chairs are narrow and uncomfortable .
we walked in , were handed menus and told to seat ourselves .
the menu consists of extremely overpriced bar food that is just mediocre at best .
service was just o.k .
this establishment lacks the customer service i require as a result of sub-par management .
the food is too salty and greasy .
i would n't recommend this place .
last week was our first visit to native .
from there it went downhill very fast .
how rude and how ridiculous .
this has to be the worst native .
worst service .
they take forever to get your drinks and even longer to take your order .
had a pick up order , was told _num_ mins .
worst native i 've ever seen .
never going back .
avoid them at all costs !
i was just treated terribly by the owner of mesa frozen yogurt today !
i paid for it , left the place and threw it away !
the amount wasted would have been comparable to maybe _num_ samples .
she could care less that i was n't going to eat it .
drove out of our way to visit this establishment .
arrived to find chairs up on tables and doors locked .
not to mention the coffee was burnt !
not looking good !
me : um !
girl : why u want me to make it again ?
i am so disappointed .
it drives me crazy when things like this happen often .
this starbucks is somewhat busy but , at mid morning the rush is over .
do n't care for the service here .
not very friendly .
this is the worst starbucks place for internet .
it 's very , very slow .
i 've been here twice , and never again .
all the other starbucks i 've been to never had this issue .
someone is trying to save a few dollars each month i guess .
customer service was terrible .
worst starbucks i 've ever been to .
additionally , it did not have any coffee in it .
it was clear this barista was having nothing to do with that .
this place is terrible .
... no dice .
my next phone , i will buy online .
absolute worst service over phone .
trying another store instead .
never very helpful .
i contacted them after i walked out the store after speaking to a rep .
overall , i really question verizon in regard to quality and warranty .
think really hard and long before dealing with anything that says verizon .
horrible customer service .
extremely rude , unfriendly bunch they have over there .
unfortunately that was not what happened at the store .
what could be worse then the wait at the dmv ?
changing my phone plan was nothing less then torture .
they 've lied to me every time i 've been here .
what terrible customer service .
it was too long and made with cloth .
when i arrived , i was greeted with `` just a moment '' .
my daughter was a little bit busy getting married .
in addition she was rude .
we probably wo n't be back anytime soon .
boy was i wrong .
i was greeted kindly by the two ladies at night .
went here on a sunday night and the place was a bit crowded .
i could n't even finish it because it was greasy and salty .
i would n't order pizza or garlic bread again over there .
i would not come back here again if i ha a choice .
the pizza was not as good as other stores for sure !
i 've never had a bad experience at this location until now .
they are simply sub-par and lack any real good burger flavor .
unfortunately , the food is nothing to write home about .
it 's kind of sad , really .
the above being said , quality relative to price ... bad .
the same thing i always get and i was very disappointed .
there were some burnt areas and boy could i taste it .
it completely ruined the burger .
nothing could cover up that horrific taste .
they ca n't get an order right to save their lives .
they try , i 'll give em that .
terrible .
just wish the service would have been what we were used to there .
we had the grilled chicken sandwich , pizza , and a burger .
took _num_ minutes to get more fries .
waitress constantly ignored our table .
poor service .
would n't recommend this place during peak times if you want decent service .
someone had to go and tell her that she had forgotten .
not cool when you have three little kids .
my husband and i visited here for lunch today .
she came to take our drink order , _num_ diet , _num_ ice tea .
our drinks were filled and then our order was taken .
she told us the kitchen fell behind with the mad rush of lunch guests .
really , i felt like crying .
i 'm sure about _num_ minutes went by before we got our food .
not this time .
it will be a long time before we visit this establishment again .
i do n't get why everyone praises this place .
food was ok , service was ok .
i was there at _num_ pm and felt sick about _num_ mins after leaving .
and now , they are terrible !
opt for the rib tips instead .
i 'm not a fan of the smaller plates they serve the food on .
unfortunately , i 'm done with this place and do not plan on returning .
me and my family went here today and it was horrible !
burger and fries were cold .
there was nothing that was yumm about it .
we waited 5-10 minutes to be sat in a almost empty restaurant .
we did n't receive our food for _num_ minutes .
a regular burger should n't take that long .
this is the worse customer service i have ever received in a long time .
but there was no reason for this horrible customer service .
this used to be our favorite family restaurant , not any more .
a server called in sick .
they 'll say they are sorry and bring more in _num_ minutes .
other than the time it 's not so bad when you expect it .
he 'll say they are better than this and ask for another chance .
unfortunately there 's only so many of those to be had .
this place is disgusting .
took one bite and i could n't continue eating .
the changes are , sadly , not good .
when we received those , they were cold , as well .
if that is he case , there is something seriously wrong with the equipment .
they never ate at red robin .
there were _num_ of us .
my bill was over $ _num_ .
service horrible .
food even worse .
uncooked vegetables in the soup .
nothing was bottomless .
it was my worst experience in a restaurant .
they comped me for _num_ meals .
are n't they special .
horrible .
the food was slow and dry .
i wish i would have taken a picture .
my recommendation , get your free burger once a year but avoid other wise .
horrible experience !
i will not be back .
first off , we wanted _num_ different fries , one regular and one parmesan .
for some reason this red robin is n't good .
our group of _num_ waited for food and never received some of our food .
was very disappointing as this was not our usual experience .
no wait to be seated .
i was craving red robin so we stopped here for lunch .
at which point we left & drove through in n out .
not really a fan of this location , maybe not the business at all .
$ _num_ for a stack of onion rings ?
there were about _num_ rings on there not worth it !
my burger was almost $ _num_ .
wish i could give zero stars .
after eating a few bites i noticed the chicken was not cooked at all .
thanks for not charging me for that salad , really appreciate it ?
my small _num_ salad became _num_ !
i always buy my daughter gift cards for red robin .
this place is cheap for sure especially if you have no insurance .
for my initial exam it took over _num_ hours !
the only pro is the price .
i was still polite as she handed me back my id .
it 's more expensive and id be better off going somewhere else .
the staff is friendly , yes , but communication & efficiency lacks .
they 're so slow .
absolutely ridiculous .
was n't even able to get into my scheduled appointment .
the ladies at the desk were straight up rude .
we said no thank you and never went back there again .
awful place , do n't take your pet there .
and its really zero stars , just not available !
there was no need to operate on him !
i am giving this location a _num_ star , not because of the staff .
all they do for $ _num_ dollars is cut the nails .
there is trash everywhere and everything is rundown .
still no reaction .
he proceeded to ring up my _num_ items .
if i could give this store negative stars , i would .
i have _num_ items , _num_ exactly the same .
really , _num_ items is too many for you ?
so as usual , poor customer service in this store .
i walked .
or they just do n't give a shit .
it 's always busy , with never enough cashiers .
terrible .
terrible .
terrible .
take my word for it , you will be sorry .
cheap prices but it is never an easy in & out at this place .
i 'm so sick of this place i just can not go back .
i wish the staff here cared more .
worst services i have ever experienced !
total assholes , worst customer services i ever experienced !
i hate this walmart with everything in me !
it 's horrible .
the service is horrific !
do not get your vehicle worked on in any way at this location !
ruined my whole day !
this place is awful .
i was appalled by the lack of customer service here .
1st tip , do n't ever go here on the weekends .
then walmart was about the customer .
the people they have working there are more trash and rude than decent .
not good customer service at all .
it 's just plain awful .
i hate getting stuck in this line .
this is the closest pharmacy to me but it might not be worth it .
the worst experience of my life .
a two hour affair , which did n't make us all too happy .
for walmart , they have so many items which is a pro and con .
how many good things can be said about walmart , really ?
i went to a photo kiosk and requested about _num_ photos .
i do not blame the associates for this problem , i blame the company .
this was a ridiculous experience and i will not be returning .
do n't feel safe at this walmart .
people are beyond rude .
this is nowhere close to industry standards it is very cheap and tacky .
the customer base here is very poor and very diverse .
it always smells like sewage when you first walk into the entrance near mcdonalds !
the pharmacy is slow !
and the staff is rude !
my doctor put in five request for one prescription never got filled .
this is crap .
at this point i am so frustrated !
without us there is no pay check for you !
i have n't even put my order in .
ugh , i feel so bad .
for the worse .
it 's so gross .
bad customer service .
people there are just horrible !
nasty !
i ca n't believe people consider this a great authentic local spot .
ca n't even get a bean and cheese burrito done properly .
nasty place ... wo n't go back !
not going to happen since i live _num_ miles away .
she stated my order was not oily since they only heat their food .
we will not be back .
same quality as subway , just a higher price tag .
will not visit again .
sandwich was mediocre .
the bread reminded me of elementary school lunch .
this place just lost a few customers .
the customer service was awful !
i did n't even taste the cheese .
the food is n't terrible .
but it also is n't as good as jimmy johns .
this one guy behind the kitchen window never smiles .
ordered a tuna sub and one bite .
it was so dry .
the pickle was old looking , but i did n't try it .
instead he was busy trying to open the cash register .
so i said , i guess i 'll just grab my refund and go .
never going back .
poor all the way around .
the subs are great , the service is just horrible .
i do however , really care if i have to live with roaches .
this place was my living nightmare .
it makes me frustrated to even think about it .
the management was unprofessional and uncaring , and blamed him for bringing them .
these guys are liars , and blamed my husband for their mistake .
disgusting .
i wanted so badly to like you ... .
i can tell you which neighbors are having relationship problems .
why must i know these things ?
the sound is n't even my biggest issue .
since living here , we have never once received a correct bill .
rent was wrong .
tax was wrong .
worst renting experience of my life .
despite contacting management , nothing changed .
i have never had an issue with neighbors , residence in my lifetime .
but i suppose i should mention the bowling alley .
`` just throwing it out there , '' he said .
just kidding - you know i love ya , dude .
crappy video game selection .
horrible food .
this was my first time to this particular alley .
the building is plain , late _num_ 's decor .
there are tables and chairs randomly placed through out the building .
whole chunks missing out of several spots in the tile .
the handicapped stall has a baby changing station that does not fold up .
_num_ small sodas ran me over $ _num_ .
lane _num_ occasionally goes completely dark while people are bowling .
i would never , ever come to this bowling alley again by choice .
they should have closed this one instead .
chicken was tasty .
pretzels were horrible !
there are a couple of distinct reasons to why i give a lower rating .
there were not too many people that night .
they raised all of their prices august 1st .
under staffed terrible service .
if you want a beer your forget it .
turned out to be the absolute worst bowling experience ever .
even the manager , was constantly giving us the stink face .
i will never return to this awful location .
snack bar is over priced and below average .
with friends , but i go elsewhere for a just plain bowling fun .
there was clear disappointment on his face .
so sad , i used to have such a good time at these lanes .
expect to pay tons of money and get shirt service .
i 've had many problems with the service at this location .
they also usually take a long time to get my order out to me .
they do n't wear gloves .
disgusting .
no cheese was said by her twice and by me twice .
huge cheese all over my sandwich .
had half of a sandwich with just egg and bottom biscuit .
thanks bk in _num_ e southern ave , mesa .
i ca n't imagine how horrible they would be if they were busy .
so i stop , but only if i have time .
this is your typical burger king .
it was overcooked , and too salty .
i almost dread going everytime because the staff is always horrible .
ive tried going to different locations but the staff is rude at each one .
they are never helpful .
i have no problems with the staff here .
my problem is with items i need never being in stock .
so annoying and such a waste of my time .
however , the way a business deals with a situation is the key .
they did none of the above .
ultimately , one bad experience can cost a business _num_ - _num_ lost customers .
they did n't and i am talking to my attorney .
clearly i would like to tan : ) .
bottom line ... .
the rule is ridiculous and there customer service skills are lacking .
too many other amazing competitors in my neighbor .
terrible .
i switched to beach house tanning on gilbert .
this review has nothing to do with the employees .
everytime i went , the girls that worked there were great .
monday rolls around and no refund .
she still has n't had any communication with me at all .
it 's disorganized , messy , and frankly ... behind on the times .
horrible experience with this target .
this store has burned me for the last time .
now the item is sold out and i have been screwed .
rude and condescending front end manger .
i told them there were no signs and i was buying them for family .
i ended up purchasing one and giving it to my mom .
was not able to find shoes .
there were no shoes we could purchase .
highly disappointed .
i never go to target because of the prices not being the best value .
i probably would n't stay here again .
worst hotel experience ever .
she did however miss a significant portion .
but he never told me anything when i left .
do not come here bad service and liars !
repaired a tire that should not have been repaired .
lost the nut that holds my spare .
hate them !
when i opened an account here , this fee did n't exist .
do not use this institution for any of your home financing needs .
big mistake !
even to their own customers they have given all parties involved a horrible experience .
the buyers in this transaction are extremely strong and very low risk .
her name is tammy roberts -- make sure never to use her .
so everyday this house does n't close , he is losing money .
their prices are extremely inflated !
i have no clue how this place is still in business .
do not go here if you have questions !
so i went on with my question .
i could n't believe how horrible of a store it was .
i will never walk into that store again .
i would n't necessarily recommend this location too much after sunset .
they said they only have deals monday through wednesday .
as today is saturday they claimed not to have any deals .
i could never get off hold whenever i called to place an order .
i hung up after _num_ minutes .
terrible .
literally the worst customer service !
everytime i try to order food they ca n't seem do anything right .
very rude !
this store is not professional and very rude !
they could careless as long as they get your money .
was within _num_ min of promised time so that was ok .
what i got was pizza swimming in sauce !
terrible delivery service .
you 're better off doing carry out .
he was a little more helpful , helped me get my label printed .
and on top of all of this , they failed to bring any chopsticks .
i really think i should apply to work there in their kitchen .
and i was trained by real chinese chefs .
if you are reading this : you need me in your kitchen .
anyways , enough about me disappointing experience .
i lived in the far east for years , half my family is chinese .
the chinese say my cooking is better than the restaurants .
the worst `` chinese food '' i ever ate .
there was a sign help wanted in the window , i know why .
he refused .
worst office ever .
rude staff .
definitely the worse place i have ever been to .
very unprofessional and rude people .
not only that but he looked unprofessional .
this is not a place i would never go back to !
waited _num_ minutes after entering the room .
very long wait times .
if i could leave _num_ stars i would .
place was dirty , very unorganized .
front desk tells me they could not find me in the system .
then told me they did find me in the system but rescheduled my appointment .
i then tell them it is not a male doctor it 's a female .
very unorganized and lack of communication amongst the staff .
united blood services scheduling services are the worst i have ever experienced .
facility supervisor said they had no control on the scheduling .
most employees we tried to contact did n't even bother to return our calls .
in the past two years however , something has changed .
the food was all right , but the service was slow and unfriendly .
i do n't know if owners changed or what but it went downhill fast .
the service got awful and the quality of the food got bad too .
i was staying at the la quinta down the street .
poor , poor customer service .
unfortunately , the sprint employee was wrong .
disappointing .
agent says `` wow you have been a customer for _num_ years '' .
seriously such a crappy place .
they all sit around and do nothing .
no wonder they all just were sitting around not making any sales .
he told me it would cost me _num_ to fix the phone .
so i bought the junk which ended up being _num_ total .
now suddenly i have to pay _num_ more to get my phone back !
i complained but they made me pay the bullshit charge .
this place makes me sick !
the worst customer service i have ever come in contact with .
do not believe these other reviews , i am sure they are students there .
horrible service and bad attitudes is all i got from this place .
went here today to try and fix a broken tooth .
i do n't see how i can give that a review .
the person i kept getting could n't even answer my question !
remember , these are young students , they have no experience .
do n't make my mistake , please stay away from this place .
they wo n't treat me .
i needed an exam because my tooth had a small black spot .
they would n't look at it .
a few weeks later a piece of my tooth breaks off .
wasted my time and money for a 3rd time .
they think they are doing me a favor , no they are fucking me .
incompetent idiots .
they do n't even take blood pressure correctly .
not laying in a dentist chair with your feet up .
i guess i 'm going to mexico for a root canal now .
it 's ridiculous that they did this to me over and over .
honestly this is just a terrible doctor and even worse human being .
horrible doctor !
the worst dr. experience ( s ) i have ever had .
unethical , unprofessional , and just plain rude .
it was $ _num_ .
this is highly unethical , and i think might even be illegal .
finally , they called me back and left a voicemail .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
would not recommend .
i would highly recommend him .
my doctor is n't my complaint , however .
my complaint is getting an appointment .
_num_ minutes on hold to inquire about making a new patient appointment .
_num_ minutes on hold to make the appointment .
_num_ minutes on hold to cancel .
if i could give zero stars i would .
there is no reason for such excessive hold times .
staff on the phone was very short and unpleasant .
this place is completely frustrating .
sadly , that is not enough reason for me to continue going here .
it never fails .
not good .
i asked to see another doctor and was told i could n't .
he called twice to make an appointment and never received a return call .
they clearly do n't care .
do n't go to this office .
that 's not the worst part .
i was prescribed the wrong medication .
i would strongly advice to stay away !
still no response .
is n't that why you opened your doors ?
horrible experience .
i went in to get checked out for an ear infection .
no biggie .
the receptionist said that she would send it over right away .
i waited _num_ more minutes and still no prescription !
boy was i wrong !
an hour later and still no word from their office .
i will not be going back !
i left another voicemail for her .
this is not a family medical facility .
more like an urgent care facility at best .
less than impressed on my first visit .
took _num_ minute to call me to the desk to take my co pay .
do not count on them to do what they say they will do .
many of the front office staff are not customer service trained .
now it is time to put my money where my mouth is .
they where very cheap , but they did a horrible job on my nails .
i will never use this walgreens pharmacy again .
said it was much better and would last longer .
they also give really bad nail jobs .
central location , awful execution of ice cream creations .
i used to shop there frequently .
the prices were competitive and the employees were helpful .
the employees are rude and unfriendly .
there are a lot of books though , will give you that .
insulting .
save your books and sell at a garage sale , seriously !
i would actually give this place zero stars .
i did not realize it and neither did the employee until later that night .
the library actually tried to press charges on me for this .
rude !
excuse me ?
she said i was gone for hours .
i will not be back .
i 'm not sure why people give this bookstore a good rating !
you can buy used books for less almost anywhere else .
you can go to any other used bookstore and get a better deal .
it 's way past its prime .
feels more like a walmart .
it 's like she had never done it in her life .
sorry , woman .
i wish to never come across her customer service .
so i got the email that it was ready for pick up .
a little understanding and customer service would be nice .
and why is there just employees standing around not helping this ridiculously long line .
i called and they told me that they could n't find it .
seriously the worst experience ever .
undercooked fries and 1/3 of my burger missing `` from cooking '' !
i have only been here _num_ time and that will be it for me .
i gave _num_ star because there is no room for a negative .
i guess my _num_ star will go for the onion rings .
however , i 'm disappointed with the management at this particular location .
we left a call back number , etc .
the manager was very rude and said `` you wee supposed to call '' .
manager was very rude and annoyed that we even wanted to attempt the challenge .
good food but poor management .
chicken sandwich is a joke .
size of a kids burger and horrible value .
thumbs down this time .
brandon will never eat there again .
i got a fried chicken sand and it was awful !
it tasted like it was fried in old oil .
then there was no honey mustard which i have always loved !
i sampled my kids fries and they were cold and limp .
it wo n't be a huge loss , either .
horrible service .
do n't waste your time here .
hungry commission driven focused on the sale not the customer .
business must be slow .
they wasted my time and i wasted my money on them .
ridiculous and i got attitude on top of it all .
and they were exceptionally rude especially the girl at the counter !
this place was horrible .
she was very unfriendly and spent maybe two minutes with my dog .
we went to pick it up , they could not find the order .
so am not shopping there again !
i really only shop in tools , though that too will soon be changing .
i instead ended up in the electronics .
i would stay away from this location .
i arranged for a rental car sunday for monday morning .
enterprise was supposed to pick me up around 8am .
i had plans for this morning and now i wo n't make my appointments .
big inconvenience and they 've now lost my business .
i needed a car rental for business frequently but they are not reliable .
and i 'm the only person here .
there was _num_ person here when i got here .
now they tell me the car they have for me is out of gas .
this is ridiculous .
but they did n't keep my spice bottle from san diego .
everything left in car should be in lost and found .
every time i come to this location everything is so poorly organized .
was craving some wings so thought we 'd catch the game here and indulge .
the worst part is that both times they acted like it was our fault .
i would n't send my worst enemy to this body shop !
the staff was friendly and i was given a prompt and thorough estimate .
that 's pretty lousy service .
arizona , late april , _num_ degrees .
no star at all !
i could not believe how inconsiderate this staff was when checking out .
i 'm _num_ years old and they acted like we ripped our room apart .
i told them in not so nice words that was n't going to happen .
if the price is $ _num_ , then tell me that .
the total was $ _num_ after all the taxes and fees .
for what you get , i felt that we were overcharged .
this is not acceptable to me .
sounds like a flat out lie if i ever heard one .
no worries ... you will not get my business again .
that left a bad taste in my mouth .
they are you equivalent competitor are n't they ?
the servers , however , are very friendly and helpful .
this has changed however , after visiting this location .
what i did n't expect was a bad burger .
at this location however , it was terrible .
seriously , it was bad .
the bacon one of course was a dollar more .
wrong !
never , never , never come into this _num_ & diner !
if i could , this place really needed negative stars !
nice _num_ 's atmosphere albeit noisy .
had breakfast of eggs , ham and `` home fries . ''
potatoes were frozen from a bag , not fresh .
service was mediocre .
the mashed potatoes were good , i ate those .
everytime we 've gone our orders are messed up in one way or another .
disappointed , but not a deal breaker .
as i 'm eating i 'm watching the waitresses and hostess make toast .
i 'm so disgusted by this place .
went before a ball game for a late breakfast .
the food is horrible .
the staff including the manager are very rude and the entire establishment was filthy .
my food was wrong twice until i simply gave up and went without .
horrible service , extremely slow and unfriendly .
waited _num_ min for drinks and another _num_ for our food .
i did not want to touch any of the condiments .
too bad .
no stars !
do n't the owners care ?
just got back from _num_ & diner on southern and where do i begin ?
let 's start with the horrible flies !
the atmosphere is n't bad , the food could be better .
our food was cold and they use frozen patties for burgers .
i did n't eat my fries , did n't like the flavor .
only ate one of my sliders could n't eat the second one .
customer service was good , they did n't charge me for my meal .
still will not be back .
- had a smell of a grease trap when i walked in !
the server was told , and nothing done !
will not be back !
they end up splitting us into _num_ different tables ( not a problem ) .
making us feel uncomfortable .
we should have taken it as a sign and walked out .
everything after that was awful .
by the time we got our food , it was cold .
shame on you .
not worth the aggravation or time !
this is in regards to fedex store on _num_ s. power rd .
mesa , az _num_ .
i went to this employee and was never even acknowledged .
this was not a good experience .
i will not be using fed ex or recommending you in the future .
customer service is not your first or even second priority .
save yourself the trouble go somewhere else .
she continued to clean and not acknowledge my presence .
this place needs a real renovation to deserve those room charges .
there were no real pillows in our room .
did i mention i was suppose to leave by 5am ?
i sent an e-mail to management .
it 's been ignored so far .
the suite was very small .
they canceled the shuttle with nothing more than an `` oh well . ''
there was a dirty picture drawn on the mirror in the bathroom .
food let 's just say ... not coming back to this one .
terrible , terrible , terrible customer service .
funny that about _num_ people walked out right after i did .
ill be taking my business elsewhere .
i think she was just being lazy .
lazy !
if i had known , i would have simply made them myself .
hundreds of dollars was wasted .
i spend several hours with the hotel staff and told me stuff .
only after that did they refund the money .
i understand the mistake , it happens .
i do n't known , if i would stay here again .
no one said anything to us .
so , imagine my surprise when the bill came to $ _num_ .
we will not adjust your bill . ''
no conditioner or lotion ?
probably not .
painfully slow internet !
why have free wifi unless it can actually stream something .
worst internet ever !
get paper proof that you 've paid if you stay here .
do not trust what the front desk personnel tell you .
horrible customer service !
my husband purchased _num_ suits .
no problem , i thought .
wrong !
i would never recommend this store .
selection was good but customer service was horrible .
this second associate answered three phone calls before beginning to ring me out .
meanwhile , i 'm still standing at checkout just waiting to pay .
it took twenty minutes to pay for my five items and leave .
after standing around for about _num_ minutes different associate finally walked up .
just do n't go here .
the people are rude and miserable and have no intention of actually helping you .
i wish i could give this location _num_ stars .
first she acts like we do n't know anything .
the worst part , they barely gave him any of his money back .
awful manager would not even give him the time of day .
they only gave him $ _num_ .
when they talked to the manager he was completely rude with awful service .
the staff was friendly , food ok for az .
salsa is ok , just not as good as most restaurants .
i waited over _num_ min to even get a menu .
i ate the salsa and chips and was getting sick .
i could not find my waitress .
still sick the next day stomach will not settle down .
this is the third time i have had bad service .
i will not go back again .
once i get sick from something i ate will not return .
btw it was not that crowded to were the service was bad .
no chairs = boo .
there was a time that this was n't too bad of a corporate restaurant .
however , it would seem things have took a turn for the worst .
we finally got up and walked out in frustration and disappointment .
after several months of staying away , we returned to give it another shot .
however , what really kills this place is the service and obviously poor management .
the margarita was awful , very chemical flavor .
had the fish tacos and would rate them a _num_ .
queso for an app and it was ok .
i was dining alone so i sat at the bar .
could n't get a beverage refill .
could n't get my check to pay .
this is the first ever that i 've even considered not tipping .
still left _num_ % but i do n't know why .
skip it and enjoy good service by going elsewhere .
so sad to see this place going downhill .
they had brought chips but no drinks .
after nearly _num_ mins of waiting again we got up and left .
it was simply ridiculous !
any time we sit on the patio the servers there are miserable !
this is our draw to the restaurant too so it is rather disappointing .
onto our food , it seems i can never get what i order .
then i am waiting on my food while the rest of my family eats .
it seems like there is extremely high turn over for patio servers as well .
which would explain the bad service .
the only reason i gave two stars was the food .
so sad to drive here from san tan valley for such disappointment .
this place used to be great , but it fell terribly downhill .
we first walked in and no one greeted us .
the menus were disgusting and had food in them .
total rip off !
bad service seriously makes everything else so much worse .
my mom got a coffee but when she got it it was cold .
i tried and it was a tad warmer but not hot .
now that did bother me .
but my bf did n't want me to say anything so we didnt .
overall service sucked .
friday night at 7:00 .
would 've made more sense to have more experienced staff working they night .
every time i go back the portions get smaller .
worst service ever .
and when they finally brought our order , the ultimate fajita meal was missing .
they gave us an excuse about them cooking the shrimp .
we waited another _num_ minutes , still no fajita meal .
he also removed a plate of nachos from the bill .
had dinner tonight and ordered the mango salad .
tonight sealed the deal for me .
steak and chicken was our choice .
our cups sat empty for quite some time .
whatever you guys have changed ... change it back .
we also ordered the stacked nachos ... do n't do this .
app arrives ... _num_ minutes ... .
not a good trip .
the chips were stale .
this trip sucked and i wo n't be back for awhile .
thinking i 'm not arriving back here anytime soon .
late night was the final straw .
soda was bad also ( no syrup ) .
service was soooo slow .
ordered lunch i am sorry to say it was the worse lunch i had .
do n't understand with this negative feedback why they do something about it .
ok i 'll go _num_ stars .
there were _num_ of us .
so my chimi was kinda ' dry and again , horribly salty .
i like backyard tacos up on university dr in mesa a whole lot better .
i 'm still waiting for the sever to take my order .
smh , ugh ... .
our meal took quite awhile and no soups or salads came before the meal .
i had a cheese crisp and chicken tortilla soup .
my chicken tortilla soup had little to no flavor .
my brother and mother split chicken fajitas and they were cold and dry .
i can not give lower than _num_ star .
we walked out , still hungry .
dinner was going great until a cockroach ran down the back of my seat .
got the hell out of there .
did n't even think to tip her as i rushed out .
my oldest tried to bring the rest of his home .
hell no .
will not be back .
worst dining experience i 've had in a long time .
_num_ waters and ice tea ( almost no ice ) .
about _num_ minutes after we ordered food finally came .
he also brought chips with meal - not sure why at that point .
not really sure what would have been appropriate but that was not it .
fajitas were like jerky tough and dry .
could never get a refill on my drink either .
i would make own salsa or just eat a little pico for spice .
it took another _num_ minutes for the correct meal to be made .
vegetarian options are not that great .
also , the service was slow .
but the overall quality of the food was low like buffet food quality .
used to like the office but seem money hungry these days .
ca n't get a returned call about my account balance .
nickel and dime me to death .
he 's rude !
neither worked .
both employees tried to help but could n't get the photo machine to work .
they even tried to sell me on some charity thing .
she only had them do a routine oil change and a tire rotation !
terrible customer service and lack of listening .
needless to say , i will never go to jiffy lube again .
what a horrible experience .
all services were checked and cleared .
do not use any jiffy lube .
all seemed fine and was in and out quickly .
so because of their mistake i know have a $ _num_ repair .
my parking spot is no where near my apartment .
the staff has no respect for personal property .
maintenance is unprofessional .
run do n't walk away from this place !
_num_ carpet deposit ?
when you ask to change the move in date they raise the rent .
fees at this place are outrageous .
honestly it is n't that nice .
the office staff & maintenance are the worst i have ever dealt with .
nothing is taken care care in a timely manner .
this is your warning .
if i could give this apartment complex _num_ stars i would .
do not rent here or even give them the time of day !
food is ok , not good .
service was poor at best .
the breadsticks were not good .
i remembered liking them in the past but they just tasted bad .
just not good .
my wife had a pasta dish and was not thrilled either .
the check came out to like $ _num_ .
you can never have too many on the table !
maybe it was my fault for ordering sea food in the desert ?
would normally give og _num_ stars but just ca n't do it this time .
it literally tasted like noodles with a hint of sauce .
id love to think this was a one off situation but it 's not .
they forgot our silverware and salad and breadsticks took _num_ minutes to arrive .
well it was n't a very happy birthday .
our server was buddy and he was n't very friendly .
he kinda just threw our stuff at us .
his bad mood started to make me get into a bad mood .
my boyfriend said his pizza was terrible .
overall last night was a horrible experience .
but not last night .
he brought us our drinks , salad and breadsticks , but no soup .
needless to say i was thrown back .
please tell me how i am supposed to know where take out is .
i wish i had wait staff like this more often elsewhere !
the salad was the only saving grace of the entire meal .
i recently ate at this olive garden .
i was not looking for anything more than an air of concern .
disappointing .
it smelt so bad !
fish was soggy and just not good altogether .
i 've never had a bad experience at this place before .
the marinara sauce was so plain with no salt or spices .
we may just have been served canned tomatoes .
just plain lettuce .
we left after about _num_ minutes after being seated .
i 'm so sick of businesses being understaffed .
customer service has just gone to hell anymore .
lack of real service from our server .
rushing us out even though we were super polite was kind of rude .
the service was terrible .
our server was incredibly rude and ignored us more than half the time .
we were there for two hours because she attended to everyone around us .
she was absolutely terrible .
i will never waste my money here again .
terrible way to spend the afternoon with my boyfriend .
i am dissapointed in you olive garden .
the chicken alfredo tasted like a bad tv dinner over microwaved .
the first had almost no mix ins or dressing on it .
ive had worse , but not much .
some acknowledgement of our extreme patience is all we wanted .
horrible customer service !
horrible customer service !
horrible !
every time i did i would remember why i wanted to stop .
the whole entire store smells like raw sewage .
three years later and it still smells like raw sewage .
now the stench is throughout the whole entire store .
if i could give no stars , i would .
but ... they 're `` so sorry '' .
ugh .
so then i went to check out the ipad mini .
the kid that was helping me was n't overly helpful and that was ok .
so flash forward _num_ weeks and of course i have heard nothing .
one week goes by and i have heard nothing .
about _num_ hours later i of course have n't gotten a call back .
this was beyond poor customer service .
stay away and save your money .
is n't good enough u need the bb cc that you used as well .
usually i love best buy , but today was pretty sad .
pathetic .
why ca n't you find good customer service anymore ?
i wo n't ever come back to buying their awful business !
so big fat lies from the company website .
so i went to the mobile counter .
then came back and said she could n't do the return .
no real reason .
so do not purchase from them .
they do not and will not stand behind their merchandise after fifteen days !
i do n't even know how that can be legal !
but my last experience was absolutely horrible .
so going back my third time i was not very happy !
waiting for an employee to actually come help me took about _num_ minutes .
this store needs better organization of computer or better employees .
i do wonder what that is , is that dust or ?
customer service is lost on the managers here .
these are the basics and i 'm tired of it .
avoid this mcdonalds at all costs !
this has been the worst mcdonalds that i have ever been to .
they only thing they did right was the ice cream .
they replaced the medium fries and large fries with _num_ medium fries , problem ?
worst mcdonald 's .
only giving it one star rating because yelp makes me .
so gross .
annoyed , i walked back to my chair .
later they gave out mozzarella stick samples ... stale as hell .
i 'm so tired of these tacky locations .
when i asked for water or charge me $ _num_ for a real cup .
they were tired of me and it showed .
complete fail .
no honesty here !
ok i am going to start off by creating the scene for you all .
there is no color , no flavor , and no life to this food .
gross !
just got done eating and we will not be back .
no , it was n't on the food , but gross !
stupid service nasty food !
can we say , `` rip-off ? ''
if you like that stuff , then this is the place for you .
i went to the restaurant for the first time .
my sides were rice and green beans .
i woke up at 2:30 feeling a little sick .
i tried to ignore it for as long as i could .
we refused it and demanded a refund immediately asking to speak to the manager .
do not eat at this restaurant .
unfortunately , everything we ordered was disgusting !
it was like taking a bite of flavorless breading and hardly any shrimp .
they 've gone way downhill and its no wonder they 're all closing down .
gross !
this location is crossed off my list .
too much salt !
i will not risk the high blood pressure .
gross .
the hostess was very unfriendly and seemed confused .
really poor attitude .
he could have cared less .
my fajitas tasted like the sizzling skillet they were on .
there was no other flavor there .
the side of beans and rice was a complete joke .
it was flavorless as well .
the cheese that came with the order seemed fake .
really , really disappointing .
i will not be back !
the quality is missing from the food .
the quality is missing from the service .
the quality is missing from the management .
this is not a vegetarian friendly restaurant .
i ordered the quesadilla explosion salad without the chicken .
apparently this is not an entree .
it took another _num_ minutes to get our food .
disgusting .
the boys had chicken tenders which were tough , dry and cold .
the table to the left of us got a completely wrong order .
do yourself a favor ... save your time and money and stay away !
too horrible to even give them a 2nd chance .
your chicken fajitas taste like hot dogs and also have a hot dog consistency .
do you soak the fajita chicken in hot dog water ?
smelled like boiled hot dogs too .
gross .
slow service !
major disappointment .
service was horrible .
talked to the manager who did n't do anything .
not making it right what so ever .
so i payed it forward by not leaving a tip .
horrible experience !
sorry excuse for a restaurant .
very poor service .
noticed other patrons around us not happy with the service they were getting .
once the food was brought out there some errors in what we ordered .
do n't even consider the skillet queso !
i guess my spanish is rusty , but i thought queso is cheese .
i am pretty sure there is no cheese in this dish .
it tastes like watered down chili .
should have listened to all the other horrible reviews .
sorry guys , no gratuity from us today .
very disappointed .
the visit was more about their time and money than me .
my experience has been awful !
beware they will ruin your life and your credit !
these people do not care about their clients they only want your money .
this is the absolutely worst dentist i have ever been to in my life .
these people do not care about their clients they only want your money .
his practice is little more than a procedure mill .
he 's like a used car salesman from hell .
proceed at your own risk .
that 's bad business .
i do n't get it .
for future customers , stop suggesting after they have acknowledged your ideas !
no warranty covers .
do n't bother buying extra warranty - does n't help with much of anything .
going to channel _num_ , this is just the beginning !
the 1st time they replaced my bed right away .
make a long story short , replaced _num_ times in _num_ months .
this last matt i paid another $ _num_ .
this matt has also failed .
when i ask for call backs from managers it never happens .
once they have your cash that is it folks !
i did not pay _num_ for a repaired product .
called supervisor to get more info .
terrible customer service .
i just do not want anyone else to have to deal with these crooks .
i had them leave it in my garage and signed for it .
the problem was i work monday threw friday .
these people have to be kidding me .
do n't waste your time going to these crooks .
the diamond quality was horrible .
and the prices were extremely high for that low grade quality .
i was informed that changing out my diamond was n't possible .
but according to other jewelers it most def it .
the staff was very friendly , but thats not what sells beautiful diamonds .
i purchased the two tires and they were installed on the back .
my car was driven directly to my home and stayed there .
when i arrived home from my trip i noticed that my tire was flat .
it was one of the news tire that i had just purchased .
he did not want to help at all .
they are not helpful .
that clearly shows that they do not care about customer service .
horrible horrible wait time .
i 'm still here waiting btw .
still has n't been fixed .
this is getting ridiculous .
do n't believe the hype .
this place has horrible customer service .
no , i do n't want three tires .
a tire should not take a whole _num_ hour shift .
you 'd imagine such labor could be used to improve customer service but no .
that 's asking too much .
very sleazy work discount tire !
the music on the speakers kept cutting out and was driving me nuts !
fix it or turn it off .
i ate my messy sub and left as soon as i could !
it was locked , being cleaned for routine maintenance .
so , we went to get charcoal and used the smaller pool .
the pool was not open again until saturday .
but it just did not seem to matter .
their apartment will be inspected once a month for a year .
i 'm currently looking for a new apartment .
that means , no smoking , even outside !
so , just know this is what 's happening at this place .
if your a non smoker , it could also be a selling point .
someone stole gas out of our truck while it sat in the parking lot .
that cost me nothing .
this is out of my insurance network and cost me $ _num_ .
the second surgery really hurt .
that 's not cool .
i am extremely angry .
i was quoted _num_ minutes and arrived right about then .
the interior is just like any other strip mall restaurant .
i 'm not even lying .
i first tasted the pasta salad and it was really lackluster .
next i tried the kalua pork .
it was tender , no doubt about that , but completely flavorless .
i could see spices but could n't taste anything .
at first glance i could see that it was dry .
it tasted dry and again , had very little flavor .
what a waste of almost $ _num_ .
after waiting about _num_ minutes , they served us our dishes .
it was very bland and looked even worse .
the cashier later refunded my order .
it went from bad to worse .
the chicken was hard as a rock .
it was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork .
i told him the chicken was dry and awful .
overall , i would not feed the food here to my dog .
it was just disgusting .
after waiting about _num_ minutes , they served us our dishes .
it was very bland and looked even worse .
the cashier later refunded my order .
it went from bad to worse .
the chicken was hard as a rock .
it was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork .
i told him the chicken was dry and awful .
overall , i would not feed the food here to my dog .
it was just disgusting .
horrible .
i ordered the teriyaki chicken with macaroni salad .
no `` aloha '' attitude in hawaiian spot .
prices have been increased and portions reduced .
ripoff !
if you 're looking for real hawaiian food , look elsewhere .
teriyaki chicken , mahi mahi and coconut shrimp .
the service was pretty typical nothing to complain about there .
the katsu was ok and the dipping sauce was good .
the sticky chicken was greasy and did not have a very good flavor .
maybe it was a bad day ?
i can still smell the fish odor on my clothes .
i 'm glad i was on my way home for the day .
enough on that , i 'm getting upset again just typing it .
the mac salad with no potato , huh ?
my better half got the chicken katsu & it was just alright .
was that too harsh ?
i really dislike wasting hard earned money .
i 'm absolutely horrified by this experience .
do not give these jerks your business .
ridiculous and not anything like the aloha spirit you find on the real islands .
she offered me the kalua pork instead .
not the best hawaiian food i have had .
my husband was n't thrilled with his beef either .
ok , this place was not clean .
food was alright , i 've had better hawaiian food .
rice scoops were for babies .
the place wasnt loud , so it was somewhat peaceful .
service , felt bad for the cute girl .
i gave two stars just because i was disappointed .
i would recommend this as a last resort if u r hungry ?
this place was horrible .
this place is dirty in the back as well as the front .
tables were n't cleaned off .
we purchased a groupon for two dinners and desert .
it was good but way over priced .
i will not go back and encourage others to think carefully about eating here .
the groupon i purchased for was two deserts and two combo plates for two .
mac salad did n't have a whole lot of flavor .
it was okay nothing special .
i agree with other reviews this place was so dirty .
trash over flowing and dirty tables .
worst place ever !
i 've purchased many coupons , but never have had such a terrible experience !
went to this restaurant because we had a groupon .
there was three slices of long pieces of meat .
it smelled great but it tasted like sour beef .
we threw out the meat and just ate the brown rice and macaroni salad .
chicken was cold and dry also .
i do n't like salad so they gave me double rice which was nice .
service is _num_ does n't care about any thing .
table are dirty and sticky and does n't know how to clean up .
i get impression she want 's to make sure customer do n't come back .
very disappointed .
until the last few times , there has been constantly changing .
i walked in and no one was in there except for the employees .
i ordered the kalbi short ribs and a mango smoothie .
mine was sadly all bones , gristle and no meat on it .
the rice the was dry and the loco moco meat was overcooked .
it was way overpriced at _num_ $ $ $ for a disappointing meal .
this place used to be a favorite .
but i have never been so dissapointed ordering hawaiian food ever .
as well as _num_ spam musubi .
$ _num_ for _num_ !
it tasted like it just had ketchup , mayo , mustard and pepper .
it was n't very good .
and finally the beef was extremely dry .
the meat was very tough and not tender which it should 've been .
so disappointing .
my friends and i were craving something a little different for dinner .
very friendly employees .
the fried doughnut with icecream and fruits dessert was delish !
dirty tables and trash cans piled high even with only a few customers .
food lack consistency in taste .
i 'm used to massive portions from other hawaiian place .
overall , i wo n't be back .
they really need to work on both quantity and quality .
we each ordered ( _num_ ) meat combos which came with rice and salad .
it 's was ok , nothing special .
ugh .
tonight however ... .
i 'm sorry .
the groupon cost $ _num_ with an advertised value of $ _num_ .
however the advertised value and the actual value are not the same .
i 'd rather someone greeting me for the first time anywhere to be genuine .
( not her fault she has to ) .
ribs & sweet & sour chicken with a hawaiian salad & rice .
my wife got the _num_ meat plate with ribs white rice & salad .
it 's was $ _num_ which was kinda high .
the salad was cold & both myself & my wife did n't like it .
if i could give a half star , i would have .
his chicken mole enchiladas were even worse !
poor food .
horrible canned salsa .
empty restaurant .
that pretty much sums up this sad excuse for a mexican restaurant .
honestly this was in the top _num_ for worst food experience in my life .
the tacos were extremely fishy and not cooked very well .
service was extremely slow .
food had little flavor and worst of all , they ran out of salsa .
overall thoughts are that i should 've kept driving .
was not busy at all , 5:30 on a thursday night .
the food was cold when it came out .
i would 've sent it back , however the server never came back .
all in all , i would n't give them a second chance .
so , i guess the wait staff follows the lead of management .
this place gets two stars only because my wife loves the rellenos .
could hardly find or taste the fish .
i was literally drinking the salsa to get the taste out of my mouth .
awful mexican food - if you could call it mexican food .
nothing special but nothing really messed up either .
when we went the place was nearly empty .
not a place i 'm likely to go back to anytime soon .
my first impression is that this place has absolutely no food smells .
salsa is chunky watered down and blah .
chips hard and stale .
so far not looking promising .
the chimi was not crispy for having been deep fried recently .
this food is not freshly made its old and very odd .
refried beans were old tasting and rice dried out badly .
i have eaten mexican all over the usa and into mexico .
actually that place might taste better .
that was a bit of a mistake .
the food was mediocre at best .
the chips that they bring out are gigantic .
the salsa was n't bad .
food so bad the manager ordered dominos pizza while we were there !
the manager insisted that 's the way they were supposed to be .
she argued with us , and was incredibly rude .
do n't eat here !
they kept taking parties of _num_ & three & _num_ before us .
the food was bland and boring .
very disappointed .
food was very bland .
looking around you notice they do not clean very well here .
light fixtures had a layer of dust .
will not be coming in ever again .
this place was gross !
oh and one shot of tequila was _num_ !
ruined my sons birthday .
worst dinning experience i have had in my whole life .
ugh .
take my advice and just do n't .
worst food ever !
and the service sucked !
would n't recommend this to my worst enemy !
not a chance !
do n't waste your time or money !
we had the chicken fajitas and cheese crisp .
tortillas were not good .
beans and rice were bland .
chicken did not have very good flavor and the cheese crisp was soggy .
maybe it was just this location but it seemed super dumpy to us .
the best part of the meal was that my husband 's beer was cheap .
food is really , really bad and the restaurant just seems dirty .
staff was friendly however .
i would n't recommend the food at all .
taking my bean burro w me .
very disappointed .
ordered a chicken taco , beef taco , tostada , bean burrito , chips .
presentation very poor .
i would have better off going to del taco even though i wouldnt .
while service was friendly , the food was not worth a first trip .
i truly do not like to write bad reviews , and generally do n't .
went for dinner with a party of _num_ .
the rice was horrible , sticky , no flavor .
i was very disappointed .
you guessed it , the prices have not changed either for the better .
wo n't be back to this location .
awful customer service .
they were so rude i had to walk out .
did n't seem very interested in serving me at all .
i could not wait to get out of there .
i find this to be terrible customer service on cleanliness !
such a rip off !
i went to ace hardware and spent $ _num_ .
do n't get ripped off by michael 's for glass .
extremely poor management of the situation .
completely understand why this place has such poor reviews !
looks like a change is strongly needed here corporate !
messy messy store and no one around to help .
do n't expect good customer service here !
she was extremely busy helping the 20+ people needing shoes .
apparently we were n't dressed nicely enough for her tastes .
the floor show started and it was boring .
for _num_ bucks , we could have had a nice dinner some place else .
rockin ' r caters to older people which is why my mother liked it .
not to mention , the food was so horrible .
stay away from rockin ' r .
lousy !
it all started off fine .
the food was just ok , but we were n't expecting much .
but the night took a turn for the worse when the entertainment started .
but then all of a sudden things got weird .
with the $ _num_ certificate , it was an additional $ _num_ .
there were several buildings , for $ _num_ ?
while they were n't great , they were pretty entertaining .
my mom does n't do stairs so we never made it up there .
it was rather awkward during the meal , no music , no entertainment .
just weird .
please stay away and spend your money somewhere else !
we came in from out of town to visit friends whom have children .
we were beyond disappointed with our visit .
all but _num_ hot biscuits were gone .
overall , a very bad experience .
horrible customer service .
she escorted my party of _num_ to another table further from the stage .
extremely poor customer service .
take your money someplace where it is appreciated .
the venue was covered with dead leaves and dog poop .
what was quite possibly even worse than mary 's incompetence was her staff 's .
she also disappeared for a half hour and nobody could find her .
mary then gave me the bill and it was not adding up .
i would definitely not reccomend this venue for your wedding .
there was no manager or owner on site to address the issues .
they are rude and the sandwich sucked ... do not go here !
i was greeted warmly .
you need to follow the directions and it says _num_ .
she said , `` i do n't know how to do that .
it probably is for a phoenix location .
this is not phoenix . ''
that 's not exactly how i see it happening .
this place is horrible .
this store has absolutely no customer service on the floor .
the employees are no help , whatsoever .
i called the store manager on the way home ... i was so annoyed .
he was almost as bad as the employee .
bad service .
bad attitude .
do n't go to this lowe 's unless you want to be annoyed .
i am annoyed that i even have to leave one star for this review .
customer service has gone way down hill .
nobody around and if you do find someone they do n't have much knowledge .
this place is only open till _num_ pm .
not _num_ pm like it says on the site .
first off no associate in sight to assist with finding item .
went there to buy some paint and waited _num_ min .
store would not take it back .
do not go to lowes .
kind of a disappointment .
lots of work needs to be done , things are falling apart .
the actual room was n't too bad , decorated better than expected .
the shower head was like _num_ feet too short .
no parking fee or internet fee were all good things .
sketchy .
you ca n't jump our car and help us out on our short vacation ?
unbelievable .
the bed was large , and wasnt too bad .
but , then again , it is mesa .
the internet was super slow .
i fully acknowledge that i 'm probably not target audience for this place .
everything was clean , and i can tolerate outdated much better than dirty .
i would give this place negative stars if i could .
she had the worst customer service skills i have ever seen !
_num_ of us w/ several rooms .
he arrived and was also unable to open the door .
he went got another key which also did n't work .
@ 1am came back still did n't work .
this place is very lacking , to say the least .
the furniture was dirty and at least _num_ years old .
spaces are extremely small and hard to get in and out of .
the front desk service was not very good .
ladies were rude and not helpful .
the grounds staff were nice though .
overall , for the price , this place is a huge disappointment .
i would not stay here again .
the new room was clean , no bugs , .
pretty old and dirty , has not been updated i 'm many years .
quite a rip off .
i asked for a key card so i could return later ; nope .
do n't have a room for you .
the `` resort fee '' attached brought a $ _num_ .
would never recommend or ever stay here again .
_num_ pool was closed and the other was not so great .
sorry i was n't more specific .
are n't you supposed to greet the people in front of you first ?
maybe put the maps out for people to help themselves ?
i would never go back to this place .
if i could give less stars than this i would .
the most atrocious hotel service i have ever heard of in my entire life .
the employees told us we were n't the only ones experiencing this tonight .
from october _num_ to the wedding day it was a awful experience .
she got there _num_ or so months before the wedding .
i feel bad for her .
cancel the wedding and wait for the law suit to go through ?
we have n't forgotten and that should tell you all how bad it was .
there pool was down where our family was staying .
this place is not worth it !
_num_ am !
next room was slightly better .
the front desk had people coming in complaining every time we were up there .
false advertising if i have ever seen one .
$ _num_ is way overpriced for the lack of accommodations that they provide i.e .
i would like to give this place a zero if it would let me .
one of the bridesmaids arrived before us and went to check into the room .
she tried a couple more times all going to voicemail .
that they could not get on the green until _num_ am .
avoid this place .
from its beautiful scenery you would not be able to tell any different .
( which makes sense , because there all old people staying here ) .
there is dust all around the room .
terrible !
dirty , bad food restaurant messed up my order ... twice .
no water pressure in the shower .
people were nice though .
booked a suite _num_ months ahead .
was told we `` might '' get another room .
the room smelled like urine .
crap .
hit up the motel _num_ instead and save your money .
i wish things would have been different but they were n't .
not like the website , at all .
i can not understand how the other yelpers could give this place good reviews .
my family and i went for lunch yesterday -- there were _num_ of us .
however , this was not the case .
my son ordered buffalo wings as an appetizer -- nothing special .
not very supreme with respect to its ingredients and they used plain white bread .
big mistake .
we get here and are seated quickly thanks to our reservation .
on a weekend night , no less .
which we let her know was none of her fault .
ugh .
ugh .
why did n't they tell me that when i called and made the reservation ?
the steamed veggies were ok and the parmesan fries were good .
everyone said the desserts were ok , but nothing great .
are you kidding me ?
they do have mashed potatoes , but i am not a mashed potatoes fan .
there are _num_ of us .
this place is horrible .
this has been going on for at least _num_ months .
place was kinda run down , looked like it was built _num_ years ago .
quality of toys is low .
this place is really run down .
this location could use an update , it 's pretty run down .
i do n't even want to spend anymore time thinking about this store .
otherwise spend your money elsewhere where fast service is a priority .
no customer service .
worst insurance experience ever .
this is not based on a single experience .
use a different agent if you want more than someone just taking you money .
mike , feel free to return my call .
i called them ... big mistake .
before leaving he tried to charge me a $ _num_ diagnosis fee .
that should have been my first clue .
this was _num_ days ago and still no email .
it does not take an hour to sign _num_ pieces of paper .
huge waste of time .
he was extremely rude to us after procedure was over .
will not be going back to this facility .
slow and rude service at a dirty restaurant .
i was not impressed with this restaurant .
the food was average ... and not very fresh .
we will not be back again .
slow in getting our food .
it took over _num_ minutes after ordering and we arrived before noon .
my husband and i went here for dinner this past weekend .
i am _num_ .
in _num_ minutes it came but the shrimp were clear and mushy .
not wanting to cause a scene i just asked for it to be boxed .
will not be returning .
one group of folks walked out after waiting .
i do n't remember our waitresses name .
butternut squash soup looked like my grandma was eating baby food .
gross !
just bad .
uh , no i do n't .
as more guests came in , still no hostess .
after being seated , the server was great , the food not so much .
needless to say i wo n't be going there again .
slow service to be seated .
poor maintenance .
tables had excessive wear marks from use as plates sliding across them .
dirty walls near booth .
everything was downhill from this point .
this should have been our first sign .
after being seated , it took _num_ minutes before they took our drink order .
probably the worst cup of coffee i have ever had .
be warned ... stay away .
if i could give zero stars i would .
after we were seated they brought us bread and _num_ packets of butter .
we got the prime rib bbq burger and parmesan crusted chicken .
the parmesan crusted chicken was terrible .
which means they probably do n't clean their grill very well .
the food was n't the issue on this visit .
i asked one more time about the sauce and he just walked away .
if i go there , it will be to buy a pie and leave .
a little overpriced compared to other chains .
chicken , cheese tacos came with no chicken .
i would avoid it if i were you .
wait time was short .
nothing to write home about .
most recent visit we walked in and there was no wait .
it took _num_ or so minutes to get a seat .
they are just way too busy to properly help you .
both restaurants in mesa , az are now closed .
only phoenix , surprise and sun city are open .
my insurance provider auto selected this dentist for me .
dentist .
nobody is this incompetent . ''
the devil in me is a liar .
each appointment , they 'd call the day before to confirm the appointment time .
each time , they quoted a wrong time .
i 'm sure i 'll think of it later .
false !
it 's like you 're trying to piss me off .
no one .
i will not return here and i do not recommend this place .
leaving me with no tail lights !
stopped in a few days ago to buy an interior light bulb .
frustrated and confused .
not so at all , to my surprise .
yet this could have been an urgent life matter .
i ca n't believe this place has so many good reviews .
i would 've walked out , but it was someone 's birthday .
service was mediocre .
visiting from out of town , this was our first stop for lunch .
the overall feeling at our table was that the food was mediocre .
the service was friendly but not terribly attentive .
we finally get at our table and it 's cold .
i could only eat half and i finally just gave up .
my fianc 's meal looked disgusting .
she did n't eat either .
that use frozen , poorly cooked vegetables .
the rice and beans were too salty in my opinion .
just not my kind of food .
no bueno .
beyond that , my experience was not so great .
all in all , great food , horrible service .
had the worst experience tonight .
the bean dip was cold and below room temperature it seemed .
what a waste .
failed again .
when they are busy , the food is clearly uncooked and rushed .
for the money , taco bell is way better .
service was terrible .
food was n't the greatest either .
the food was terrible and so was the service .
the food was bland and tasted old and nasty .
the chimichangas were not really fried either .
over all horrible experience .
waste of $ _num_ some odd dollars .
food is bland .
both sucked .
do n't waste your money here .
i have never written a bad review but this experience was beyond the pale .
horrible service , cold food , and terrible customer service by the management .
the server argued that it could n't be cold and walked away .
the six of us would have preferred to pay for a hot meal .
they have been going downhill for years .
the management is careless to complaints .
not something to die over , but your typical mexican food .
the busboy who brought us chips was rude .
the waitress was not interested in serving us .
horrible mexican food !
i wo n't go back , i think it used to be better .
this was a situation that should never have happened .
needless to say we will never go back .
never , not once in all these years have they ever been on time .
not even when i 've sent my husband to take our daughter .
she was very uncaring & rude .
she did n't care how sick he was , the insurance better come through .
the doc on call said ... nothing they could do take him to er .
terrible bedside manner .
i told her the last time my son was in , they were covered .
why not tell me this as i was making my son 's appointment ?
why wait until i am already in the back ?
i find this explanation ridiculous .
this is just a lazy practice .
why was i forced to verify benefits if their policy online states otherwise ?
as a dad i can honestly say my visits have been minimal .
the front office is not friendly and lacks basic customer service skills .
and then 2nd night my daughter developed a fever _num_ .
this is the worst place to take your animal .
disgusting .
they are trained to sign you up for tests that total approximately $ _num_ .
the $ _num_ i paid to this clinic is down the drain .
i assume they are .
this place was awful !
just rude .
5pm rolled around yes 5pm and we had still not been seen .
_num_ hours of time if you are a math genius .
yes it was that long that we just gave up .
1st pet in mesa does !
i would just stay away from this place , and find another vet .
ridiculous .
she left to make a copy of the quote so we could leave .
another _num_ minutes .
absurd .
much too expensive , and was there for over _num_ hours just waiting .
very angry and disappointed .
horrible horrible horrible .
really ?
terrible experience .
$ _num_ for something i never used .
i rented a vehicle from budget and i 'm pretty frustrated right now .
you deserve better than what you might get here .
absolutely horrible !
there is a younger pa there short , blond , who is awful !
so rude , made me feel like i was an inconvenience to her .
the staff were cold , uncaring people .
we had a terrible experience there .
his care was terrible .
_num_ minute responses to calls were frequent .
only one surgeon was helpful .
two of our friends in this resort had x-rays mixed up with other people .
this jerk asks me if i had anything else wrong with me .
so because he was a know it all , more less just stupid .
he sent me to get a cat scan on my wrong body part .
he said o well thats different , not the same thing .
( gee i wonder why ) and he still could n't handle his job !
they should n't even get one star .
stay far away from this hospital .
i was treated like shit .
i always take my meds at least six hours apart .
i did n't get my afternoon meds until time to go to bed .
they also refused me bottles water at night .
this hospital is the pits .
for breakfast this morning cold pancakes .
i just walked out of the er .
( it started _num_ days ago ) .
i would not take my dog to this doctor .
the financial office gal came in and asked for my insurance card .
she told me that i would get a bill anyway ... of course .
she did tell me i should report it when they call for the survey .
this er is the worst .
this place is a nightmare .
it appears i can not give under _num_ star - but would like to .
way too much time .
it was very upsetting to be sure .
not having much luck with banner hospitals or doctors .
typically , it is $ _num_ .
uh , no - i just would n't go to your facility .
uh , no .
i will pay what i was told i would pay , $ _num_ .
can you imagine trying to sleep through that ?
i could be dead before i find out what is going on .
i would like to give zero stars but it is not an option .
visited the emergency room with a head injury .
nope , she never acknowledged me .
she told me i could leave if i wanted .
she said , `` you could have gotten up if you needed something .
i was n't sure if i should get up .
this was a horrible experience .
i will never visit this hospital again .
look at all the reviews , they are horrible .
it 's now _num_ december _num_ .
fast forward to our third child and the nightmare begins .
his coffee was still steaming as he left the room .
it 's got ta be criminal .
the nurse was really rude about it too .
do not send your loved ones here .
fast forward to our third child and the nightmare begins .
his coffee was still steaming as he left the room .
it 's got ta be criminal .
_num_ months later and banner refuses to seriously discuss the over billing issue .
so there should n't be a code period .
she treated him like the scum on her shoe and told him lies .
but a few bad eggs can bring an entire establishment down .
completely unhappy with this experience .
do n't bother !
it was disgusting .
after giving the cashier my order , i sat by a window .
after several minutes of this , i decided to ask for a refund .
horrible place .
the doctor was rude as well .
low and behold the doctor took one look and confirmed my own diagnosis .
it took _num_ weeks to get an appointment .
once again about _num_ seconds per look said i was fine .
i was exactly _num_ minutes late !
i had never been late nor missed an appointment in _num_ years .
i am a medical student and i would not run my practice like this .
i 've been in here four times and will never go back .
the assistant scheduled me for my next appointment with the wrong doctor .
this office is too busy and does n't spend enough time with their patients !
maybe this doctor missed the time management class in medical school .
so if you work , just call off the rest of the day .
my husband called his insurance company and confirmed but they refused to accept that .
they insisted on payment before they would proceed with the procedure .
that 's _num_ minutes early .
they informed me that i was in their system , but no appt .
i asked the front desk and they got me in _num_ minutes later .
the worst office .
seven women sitting , standing , talking behind the desk , ignoring patients .
do not bother , you can find a better office !
i walked out of the office and will never return to this place .
ca n't believe they could not find a way to see me sooner .
whole morning wasted !
alta stop wasting people 's time .
i tried to see him almost _num_ years ago .
my first encounter i was newly married and insurance was through my dad .
it takes at least _num_ weeks to be seen .
for the second time i was not able to be seen .
well long story short i was transferred and disconnected .
now , i work in the insurance business and this is ridiculous .
do n't waste your time .
this is after you have already paid your bill in full during the appointment .
i would n't trust either location just based on their billing practices alone .
time to be seen and then you feel like you are rushed out .
i am very disappointed in the way this office is run .
then i received a bill they claim was _num_ months overdue .
i called back and talked to someone who was very rude .
girls at front desk are rude and short .
appointment was at _num_ on a thursday yet was still not on time .
will not be returning .
this office is a nightmare .
at the _num_ 1/2 hour mark , i up and left .
no respect for patients time .
ridiculous !
worst experience i 've ever had .
not my place i would order from again .
not much to this place .
no place to sit and eat .
worst pizza hut pizza i 've ever had .
one piece of canadian bacon and two small pieces of pineapple .
could n't even eat it .
will not be going back .
too many other choices out there better than this .
i would give this place no stars .
one of the slices on one pizza was folded over .
how bad do you have to be to deliver _num_ easy cheese pizzas ?
worst service i have ever had from any pizza establishment .
in my case it saved me $ _num_ .
at that point it seemed that the shop supervisor caught an attitude .
aside from working on brakes , these guys are essentially incompetent .
i 'm updating my negative review to average .
my last experience , however , ended that relationship and trust .
in addition , the oil filter was so tight that removal was very difficult .
i was really mad .
i would give negative stars if i could .
i 've called them _num_ times or so to check in on the status .
no call back yet .
save yourself a headache and do n't work with this store .
truly the worst customer service experience i can remember in a very long time .
the worst experience i ever had !
they recommend unnecessary work , and they have the worst customer service .
this guy tells me i need my rotors turned and a brake pad replacement .
if you even think of visiting this place , look elsewhere .
this recent time however i unfortunately can not say the same .
total price $ _num_ !
... $ _num_ !
$ _num_ cheaper !
never heard back ... not even one year later .
sorry guys , your great but your food is not unfortunately .
disgusting !
i spoke to the supervisor and she could not care less .
do n't eat here unless you want to get sick .
missed the mark .
food was never fresh .
all hard bread and dried out meat .
to mcdonald 's if you want trash .
place looks disgusting !
if i could rate this place _num_ stars i would .
the only thing that 's fresh are the fruits and salads .
the place smells , must be the carpet , but it stinks .
the food is not that great .
chicken was good , but the corn tasted synthetic .
very pricey , not many food choices .
what was n't so wonderful is the person they have managing .
needless to say , we left and took our business elsewhere .
bad customer service ruins all business regardless of the product .
when you 're pregnant , finding a doctor you can trust is everything .
he acted rushed , impatient and rude .
losing a patients phone number ?
on january _num_ _num_ , i felt a lump in my breast .
no one from his office called me back until after _num_ pm .
i ended up being diagnosed with stage _num_ triple negative breast cancer .
the second time i saw him was the day of the surgery .
i was not very impressed with his bedside manner .
he did not take much time to listen to what i had to say .
he talked over me and therefore did not hear much of what i said .
not cool when you can not trust your doctor to keep information private .
after not getting a call back i called again .
he never called me back .
not even the next day .
i have already found a new doctor and i am so much happier .
the back nine is better but # _num_ is a poorly designed hole .
these things are _num_ % bare with no grass at all .
this is a rip off right now .
worst golfing experience ever in az for someone that plays once a week .
got to the 2nd hole and their were _num_ groups waiting to tee off .
turned around , drove back to the clubhouse and asked for a full refund .
is n't that the purpose of a tee time .
bad management and lazy staff .
made the turn and it was horribly slow .
over _num_ hour round and started at 7am .
greens were in horrible shape too .
this place is horrible .
didnt warn us the course was bad from the rain .
they then sent us to hole _num_ when only the back _num_ was open .
play somewhere better for your money .
worst course and customer service i have ever experienced !
i rated it a _num_ but its more of like a _num_ .
so i will drop my rating from _num_ to _num_ .
the groups were paired properly and sent out on time .
of course , we never saw anyone check up on us .
later on the beverage cart girl even mentioned that the pace was slow .
what a poor experience .
i wo n't be going back here for a while .
i went to dairy queen tonight wanting two small blizzards .
the manager could not even get it open .
it is by far the worst dairy queen around .
they got my food order wrong and acted like i had changed my mind .
i wo n't be going back inside .
disgusting !
i recommend that this place be closed down , before someone gets sick .
walked out the door immediately !
no pics .
this is the most terrible dairy queen i have ever been to .
they 're concern should be bugs in the ice cream .
i stood there thinking is this really worth me saving $ _num_ ?
my lane was just dog slow !
the parking lot is easy to get in and out of though .
prices are n't all that great either .
this place is beyond trash !
but once in this dump , i can see why its a dump .
the amount of kids running around and yelling and screaming was beyond stupid !
only one check out was open and like a ton of people in line .
i will not be returning to this location .
the customers are trash as well .
first and foremost if your store is n't clean it will deter customers .
it is hit or miss .
they are condescending especially the person at the baseline office that answers the phones .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
especially the person who answers the phone , she is just downright rude .
they are also very unorganized and do not return phone calls .
my mother will never be taken back to this office ever again .
incredibly slow service in the mornings .
not a good combination in that line of business .
next time , i will find another location .
this location is so slow .
however , the atmosphere and store interior is clean and moderate volume .
this starbucks is the worst we 've ever been in .
finally i said , excuse me , can we order .
very very slow .
stores like this are why starbucks has a bad reputation .
slow , rude , do n't make drinks to standard .
they are horribly slow .
they will mess up your credit !
and make you waste your money !
caution when buying a used bike from these guys .
so i could n't get a second opinion if i wanted to .
they did and said nothing else was wrong .
some how both dealerships missed the fact that there was too much oil .
not a little over but alot about a cup ( he showed me ) .
so i had him drain it to an acceptable level .
unfortunately , i can not say the same about their parts department .
really ?
why they kept _num_ cents , i do n't know .
nearly _num_ hours later , finally finished .
_num_ hours for two tires ?
and there were stains on the .
and there were grease marks and dirty hand prints everywhere .
just a let down .
due to physical problems , i 'm needing to go to three wheels .
i walked out of the store in frustration .
i gave apache another shot at my business , and went to see jesse .
jesse is the reason i gave this dealership two stars instead of one .
i asked him a question , and he was completely clueless .
apparently , they are n't used to dealing with sophisticated , knowledgeable buyers .
i was wrong .
the sign says open _num_ hours .
this is poor poor business practice .
not a fan , wo n't be back .
seems pretty shady to me , so i fired him !
which makes me wonder if she ever talked to the trouble making employee .
what a bunch of nonsense .
long story short , i told them no thanks on the cabbage .
employees are clueless and rude .
worst fry 's i 've ever encountered !
probably the most common replacement part for a gas grill .
it seems like they stock all kinds of exotic accessories but no actual parts .
went to ace hardware and no problem .
every time they come , they find something for me to spend money on .
purchased new a/c unit from them _num_ years ago .
unit has gone out _num_ times during hot az summer .
technicians have been there _num_ times in last _num_ weeks .
still trying to solve this problem .
stores packed and they have _num_ cashiers working .
_num_ minutes later a second employee shows up .
horrible for anything beyond what 's on the shelf .
yep _num_ months later and still no progress .
even that has n't been fun .
now , calling corporate offices to bitch at them .
this is kind of a touristy , large garage sale place .
it 's hard not to come out with some kind of unexpected junk items .
the mall is much more affordable .
this place sucks .
we used to love coming on the weekends but , no pets allowed ?
like that is stupid .
more repairs are not in my budget at this point .
it 's also _num_ months before christmas .
the cable they said they replaced , they did not .
but i will never go back to this fletcher 's again .
_num_ hours for an oil change .
pathetic !
i will never spend $ $ $ at fletcher 's again .
ridiculous !
my husband questioned them and they were very rude about the charge .
i will not let these guys touch another one of my vehicles .
they have had the car more over the last _num_ weeks than we have .
were told it would be 3-4 hours for the repair .
the car was finished saturday at 4:30 .
hands down , the worst automotive service i 've ever had .
i wish this were only a joke .
i suppose on a lighter note , they did rotate her tires .
however my engine light did not reset .
no luck after driving a good _num_ miles no reset .
something did not sit right with me .
low and behold the engine light is off .
later i looked up how to clear codes on your cars computer .
this almost cost me $ _num_ heck i 'm mad i paid $ _num_ .
i can get drug store items cheaper at the drug store .
gross , gross , gross !
did i mention gross ?
we went on a thursday evening ( around 5pm ) and were totally disgusted .
was so disappointed !
pizza was as i remembered though .
my kids love this place , just as much as i hate it .
the food is worthless cardboard pizza .
i spend to much money on ticket games .
the stupid things we do for those that we love .
the only reason this received _num_ stars is because of management .
the pizza was n't great , but edible .
many of the games that we played were barely functional .
i 'd rather not go back to this establishment if i have a choice .
the pizza is terrible .
the games pretty crappy and run down many of them not working properly .
why ca n't places for kids serve better quality food ?
completely filthy , false advertising , unfriendly staff , outrageous pricing .
scary .
it made me really nervous .
we 'll go to peter piper pizza next time .
the hosting staff are not energetic , helpful , nor really hosting much .
the pizza is pretty bad and the service is below mediocre .
most do n't give tickets .
you do n't want to feel `` eh '' when you leave .
for the hundreds of dollars we spent , this was the worst experience ever !
we finally get walked to our table and he does n't tell us anything .
everyone was just standing around confused .
the table was n't set either .
and my son did n't even get to open his presents !
so the whole `` _num_ hour hosted party '' was a complete joke !
food was greasy , and even the soda tasted weird and stale .
ever .
worst customer service ever .
i 've spent _num_ out of my _num_ birthdays at chuck e cheese .
i 've been a loyal customer .
this locations customer service was awful .
no one was at the register for over _num_ minutes .
only _num_ floor staff members .
once i was helped i realized the soda machine was down .
waited _num_ minutes for someone to help .
the manager fixed it but never told me it was ready .
the manager was no where in sight .
he would get off his phone when someone walked in .
then he would stand there continuing on his phone .
sadly i could n't even eat my food .
did n't end up playing on the games .
- salad bar was not kept up or maintained .
i noticed how toppings were falling into other toppings , looked like a mess .
do n't take your pets here .
unfortunately , they were horrible .
please do not take your pets here .
i found the same prescriptions on-line for $ _num_ cheaper .
this place is over priced .
the vet ( never told me his name ) was rude and short .
i wish i could 've gave you _num_ stars .
the staff at all banfield locations are disgusting .
i had the pork tenderloin , it was kinda salty .
the garlic mashed potatoes were pretty decent .
the green beans were very rubbery !
my grandma raves the wedge but blue cheese is n't really my thing .
the restaurant must be under new ownership and we wo n't be back again .
even the waitress said she 'd never seen one that thin .
here 's where it gets bad .
such a shame .
bread was stale .
steak cooked to order but really fatty .
wo n't be returning to this location .
i have no idea why one day i was craving the steak here .
i went to another branch once back when i lived in california .
will not be returning .
first time having a bad experience at this establishment .
i love prime rib but this was the worse prime rib ever .
not just bloody but cold on the inside .
... ... not impressed .
the awful waitress surely was responsible .
i only left a tip because i know bus people need it .
too .
finding another go-to steak house immediately .
it was extremely hard to cut into .
my husband asked if he , the manager , would eat this steak .
he went on to say how he does n't eat his steak well done .
probably will not go to this location again .
this veteran as extremely disappointed with outback steakhouse .
quite possibly the worst food i have ever had at a reputable restaurant .
some food was inedible salty and the veggies had no seasoning whatsoever .
terribly disappointing .
wait time is _num_ minutes , not bad considering all the people waiting .
i will not be going back to the outback !
just returned from outback as we were given some gift cards .
each of them struggled to cut the meat .
i even tried and it was terrible .
slow service .
had to flag down a waitress to find out who had our section .
took forever to get our salads , took forever to get our meal .
my husband ordered potato soup and salad .
the soup was all broth , no chunks of potato .
i see now why they got poor ratings .
horrible service , finally just left .
i had the prime rib au jus sandwich and it was tough and overcooked .
$ _num_ , outrageous for lunch !
my girlfriend 's sandwich came with a salad but apparently no fries !
it would n't be ready for hours .
bottom line : there are better lunch options available nearby for much less money .
very disappointing , not recommended for lunch .
went there for our anniversary .
manager could careless and waiter said i hope it 's nothing i did .
the service is at best bad .
tell them i said hi because i wont be back for a while .
second time here and still just as bad as the first time .
i blame management when food and service is bad .
everyone 's food came out yet not my plate .
they brought my soup and salad but how could you forget the entre ?
just slightly confused there .
my mom insisted on outback .
i 'm not huge on chain restaurants .
service was horrible .
we waited over _num_ mins to be seated in an empty restaurant .
when our food came my moms food was laughable .
the sandwich itself had a little , thin piece of meat in it .
nobody wants a bread sandwich , especially after you give them free bread .
my mom decline saying no she did n't want to eat that .
she never offered to make her something else or remove it from the check .
my mom did n't eat it and had to pay for it .
that is ridiculous .
this is probably why i never eat at chain restaurants .
quality is poor and service is worse .
we were greeted promptly and sat down as soon as we walked in .
we sat down and looked at our menus to decide what we wanted .
my husband 's full rack of ribs came out lukewarm at best .
after he ate two of the ribs , he hit a cold spot .
he said his baked potato was pretty tasteless .
my ribeye steak had the _num_ spices .
not as pleasant as it used to be .
same ol ' same ol ' .
my wife 's sesame seed salad was good is the reason for _num_ stars .
bad news !
nothing like the picture in the menu .
glad i did n't order the porterhouse pork chop .
because i have to give a star , i will only give one .
mine on the other hand was over cooked .
each time she passed she would bump my chair .
i counted seven lobster raviolis on my son 's plate .
the ravioli was priced at $ _num_ !
i have never written a food review before .
i probably never will again .
we went for dinner tonight around 7pm and we were seated immediately .
i ordered the chicken bryan and the presentation was sloppy .
mom had the seafood cannelloni and it smelled fishy .
i was not impressed and will not be going back .
so disappointed .
tonight 's meal was beyond poor .
we will not return if this is normal operating procedure .
the main dish was horrible .
do n't waste your time and money coming here .
went here for a wine tasting / dinner pairing .
the wine and food were ok , but the service was pretty bad .
not great , but not bad .
just simply state `` we dont take reservations '' .
do n't set false expectation .
horrible customer service !
our two entrees were chicken dishes , which were very good .
nothing super special .
but the two drinks together were over $ _num_ !
you would n't even pay that much in a fancy nightclub !
$ _num_ for two chicken dishes and two drinks ?
i for one wo n't be going back there .
the wine was gone before we were served the food that went with it .
( so why not have more wine ?
then the ultimate insult !
too many other wine tastings where they actually give you some wine .
food was salty and i like salt but this was just bad .
dont waste your money here .
horrible place .
i place numerous complaints about cleanliness and was ignored .
this was disappointing .
this was horrible !
i ordered the margherita pizza and it was soggy and crust was terrible .
i wished i could leave no stars .
very disappointed !
have not been here in more than six months .
they made several changes that do not make sense .
so sad .
ordered mashed potatoes as his side with fettuccine alfredo .
to much money to be getting packaged frozen broccoli , chicken and noodles .
if they could _num_ % guarantee my family safety then i would go .
yet they have no security guard .
so someone who does n't respect that rule ( bad guy ) .
he could be screwed .
way over staffed considering the very mediocre level of customer service .
he said he could n't it was denied .
be sure to really check your order before leaving the drive thru .
always mess up my order .
our french fries were all soggy and the containers were n't even filled halfway .
please avoid this place .
when full circle took over , things went downhill .
got the $ _num_ wash .
car did n't get very clean , but was good enough .
paid way too much for the quality of the wash .
stay away and give your hard earned money to a business that deserves it .
just returned from full circle car wash and i am very disappointed .
for $ _num_ , i would expect a clean vehicle .
terrible !
this place is so slow .
i would not recommend this place .
i had _num_ bad experiences here before and started using another car wash .
this place does not care about customer service at all .
prep was ridiculous .
the equipment is old and does not work very well .
i opened it up and the $ _num_ was gone .
horrible !
do n't you want to upgrade to a leather cleaner .
worst car wash in america !
huge mistake .
do n't do business with either of these guys , you will be sorry !
first visit did not clean bugs off vehicle and did damage to roof .
lost the chance at a good new customer with four cars .
they did n't bother to lift up the car seat to vacuum under it .
service and car wash were satisfactory .
no refund .
they need to hire a lot of people .
no sense of urgency or apologies for the long wait .
from now on i 'm going to check how long to expect beforehand .
i went in hoping to get a quality wash and got the opposite .
no call no show .
gon na give them another shot and see if they make it this time .
because i so have a beef with this restaurant .
it just tasted off .
my chicken was dry and boring .
again , nothing but bad to say about both these items .
frozen cut broccoli should never be served at any restaurant .
next , garlic mashed potatoes .
she asked me if i wanted a baked potato instead .
they brought it out fully cooked !
mcdonalds would have tasted better .
this place is worthless .
they overcooked my wife 's steak .
i had too much fat on the prime rib .
when arrived a bit early before our reservation time , which was 5pm .
overall , i was unimpressed .
next birthday , we 'll head over to longhorn steakhouse .
the worst steak i have ever eaten .
applebees has better steak .
this place was absolutely terrible .
the prices are extremely ridiculous for what you get .
the service was horrible .
it was so thin you could see through it .
texas roadhouse here we come cuz we have no reason to ever go back .
price ... _num_ for a margarita and _num_ for a _num_ shrimp cocktail ?
burger and fries _num_ ?
in the end ... there are better values out there for sure .
my girls dinner was _num_ !
_num_ + no thanks !
we had a coupon and was craving steak so we went here .
the place was dark and was not very inviting .
i know they are not a high end place but it was just cheap .
we both ordered baked potato and were told they did not have any .
the waitress did not come by and ask if everything was good .
what the hell !
all we got was blah , blah , blah .
no apologies .
would have had a better meal and experience at texas roadhouse .
poor service from beginning to end .
prime rib was ok , but thats about it .
i would not recommend this place .
3rd chance , you will not get from me .
it had blue cheese `` liquid '' , not blue cheese dressing .
excuse me , but i have enough of that already .
i had salt at home i could have eaten .
my wife 's baby back ribs were as dry as the sahara !
fry 's has better ribs for half the price .
not impressed .
when i informed waiter he apologized and said he was so sorry .
told him my dog could could chew it and would take it to him .
_num_ dollars for _num_ never go back .
the rice , chicken and fries had no flavor .
the young woman who was grooming could of cared less .
she was horrible !
there was not one caring gesture being shown to the little dog .
first thing i noticed was how filthy the salad bar was .
the soup was equally as disappointing .
ugh .
there was no distinct flavor to anything .
i left thinking , is this it ?
it 's pretty disappointing .
the broccoli cheese soup tasted like nacho cheese - yuck !
honestly , everything was just awful .
they had to refund me and charge correctly .
not a huge selection of veggies .
made my salad very bland .
potato : it was ok .
random mac and cheese was cold .
it might have been ok if it was warm .
overall , not impressed .
and wo n't be back .
food was n't fresh , service was terrible , everything was dirty and gross .
warning warning warning !
food was gross .
worst management i 've ever seen .
after walking in ... we should 've walked right back out !
ok , this is the second time i tried this restaurant .
the food was sooo bland and no taste .
i love thousand island dressing and this was horrible .
my daughter used ranch and said it was horrible .
horrible .
had a very nice waiter though , but he never refilled our waters .
the staff was friendly and counters were clean .
the pizza is one of the worst pizzas i 've had .
the crust was limp and doughy .
the sauce was very bland , and the toppings barely cooked .
the macaroni and cheese was like wallpaper paste .
it tasted ok , i did n't care for the texture .
the baked sweet potato was mush in a skin .
there 's no other way to describe it .
the salad and toppings were fresh , there were several dressings to choose from .
$ _num_ dollar fix .
they quoted me a repair of about $ _num_ .
if i could leave half a star i would .
i was told no , it would be ready by 5pm .
when i inquired to ensure my tire rotation was complete he said no .
so had to wait another _num_ minutes while that was completed .
horrible work .
will lie and steal your money .
terrible service !
dropped my car off for an oil change around noon .
terrible service do n't go here !
i got an oil change an completely regretted it the employees were so rude .
absolutely horrible horrible experience .
do not go here for honest work .
completely dishonest business , with zero pride in it 's work .
the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
will never be returning , or any of my families five other cars .
you guys did n't lose a customer today , you lost an entire family .
very slow service .
service is awkward and very slow .
this is the worst burger king i been to !
it was no bueno .
greasy , old reheated food that just stinks !
i ask again for some and he hands me _num_ .
we got home and ( as usual ) cheese was in all _num_ burgers !
went through the drive through at _num_ pm on my way home .
after eating 3/4 of the burger , discovered long black hair in my burger .
will not be returning to this location .
i had to repeat my order _num_ times stating i had a coupon .
never coming here again and nor will anyone i hang around with .
we went to this sonic tonight because my hubby wanted a chili cheese hotdog .
they finally took the order , repeated it back to me _num_ times .
after all that they could n't even get the order right .
terrible service .
i wo n't be going back .
the service was awful .
i am only giving it _num_ star cause it 's making me !
it took them _num_ hours to deliver my one pizza .
my poor kids were starving and i did n't even get an apology .
we have not had domino 's because of a bad experience years ago .
false advertising right there .
completely unacceptable .
and james was hardly apologetic .
this store needs to get their hours straight .
the wings were awful and tough .
i have never had worse service in my life !
if there was a zero star option i would give it !
we wait for awhile and still had little lighter bowling balls to choose from .
it was borderline chaos !
my family came here for fun and we 're all very disappointed by this .
$ _num_ is actually worth _num_ minute and _num_ seconds !
oh and no soap for brush , water barely works .
you get _num_ star only because yelp gives it .
i feel bad posting this but it is a complete waste of time .
i would avoid that part of the mall at any cost .
it has n't been just me either .
just not this one .
the order is wrong every time and i really mean every time .
bad service bad food !
taco bell is losing my love .
after we went in she said she did n't hear that at all .
i 've been ordering food for years and i have never had this issue .
been waiting in the drive thru for _num_ minutes .
gave us the wrong order .
no apology .
terrible service .
worst location i 've ever been to .
would not recommend .
_num_ mins and counting ... drive through .
would n't do an oil change because i had a noisy lifter .
i did the oil change myself and the noise is gone .
sorry guys , bad stuff .
my partner took our car to jiffy lube instead of our usual honest mechanic .
if one was clean , the other was clean .
more money for jiffy lube .
this place is expensive and dishonest .
terrible customer service .
rude and generally unfriendly .
him : oh no problem you can use it any time !
me : ( walking towards the cashier ) no thank you .
no i dont .
they just piss me off .
very poor customer service !
avoid this car wash .
never again will i go there !
that was cool too .
this property just lost a customer , and everybody we tell about our stay .
do not fall for the free breakfast bit .
the reply was , `` nothing . ''
i have stayed at this property _num_ times now , on business .
each stay is from monday through thursday .
the staff was helpful .
everything else is like a courtyard and predictable .
breakfast is n't free , at courtyard .
people stop complaining when you book thru priceline .
this is not a newer hotel , it looks worse for wear .
bathroom is small , carpets are worn , elevator has some issues .
i would n't come back .
i was beyond shocked !
she had zero personality and was the most unwelcoming doctor i have ever met .
here it is september 8th and i still do n't have them .
this has been the worst experience i have had from any doctor 's office .
well , it was authentic mexico , and not in a good way .
the service is horrible !
it was like it was a bother to her if we asked for anything !
their service is horrible .
we waited over _num_ minutes and yet nothing came .
no , we want our food !
completely ridiculous !
they never commented at all why our food never came out .
the food is not that good !
place is busy so we stand in line for our table .
then a group of _num_ customers come in behind us .
of course we were confused and i talked to the manager .
how could the manager have handled that better ?
_num_ ) could have just asked us .
`` excuse me , would you mind if these _num_ were seated before you ?
we were disrespected and that is unacceptable to us .
ok - so we walked out and plan to never return .
chicago does not even come close to making this list .
the food from this place did none of those things .
the meat was almost mushy and only had a small splash of sauce .
totally agree with another reviewer .
it was different , had almost an asian taste to it .
so , i probably would n't go back .
the food was overpriced and not very good .
the country club is somewhere i will never go again .
if you like licking your fingers and making a mess , go for it !
i always enjoy trying new styles of bbq , this is chicago style bbq !
being from texas you get used just one style texas !
the location is in a strip mall a decent but not very desirable area .
little over priced but it did come w a drink .
the potato salad tasted pre made from a tub .
the sandwich was small and there is too much cinnamon in there sauce .
the pulled pork was lacking flavor .
food is just okay , i am from texas where we know bbq .
the mac & cheese is not good .
overall , i do not think i will be back .
this was not my first trip , but will be my last .
i found this sandwich to be quite expensive and too small .
my finger turned purple and i was in pain the rest of the evening .
for it to be the 4th of july the food was not satisfying .
the bake beans were straight from a can no unique taste .
the smell was great outside , but the food was awful .
nowhere in the certificate does it say that it was not valid on weekends .
our certificate was for $ _num_ off a minimum $ _num_ purchase .
after we had ordered , we were told that our certificate was not valid .
we posted immediately on their facebook page and no reply .
our family will stick to joe 's real bbq instead .
tried the brisket and the ribs on two separate occasions .
food was overpriced , over cooked and was very dry .
the potato salad and slaw appears store bought and not homemade .
the pulled pork was very salty and tasted like it was repeatedly heated up .
companion 's chicken was overcooked and dry .
unfortunately , it too was way overcooked with the noodles being just mush .
they are not usually dry and/or actually burnt .
you know how the microwave makes certain meats taste just a little funny .
well that 's how my burnt ends and chopped brisket tasted like .
the burnt ends were also overly salted not enough pepper on the bark .
a truly disappointment !
the tips tastes like they had been reheated a couple of times .
pulled pork is sad .
the taste of the pork alone was unimpressive .
$ _num_ later and i have a car that i can not drive .
complete rip off !
very very disappointed .
it really is awful .
unfortunately , this location is the closest to my house .
my experience here was _num_ % awful .
was here for _num_ hours to separate myself from a family plan .
needed to do a quick return , they gave me a really hard time .
this is the worst customer service experience i have ever recieved .
absolutely absurd .
verizon does not take care of their customers , at all .
i have been a customer of theirs for _num_ years .
not to benefit the customer .
the sales reps are rude and do n't know what they are doing .
this is the worst store and the worst service in the world .
finally a girl walks up and _num_ seconds later were in the mall .
was that so hard stupid appliance guy ?
i just recieved horrible customer service at this store .
( not to mention the sales associates who had helped me minutes before ) .
this was not happening .
i said this is why i hate best buy no customer service .
i dropped off my computer with mike and went to another appointment .
called back and reached someone in asia ( ! )
repeated story and was transferred to my best buy .
oh and do n't be a jerk to me .
is that too much to ask ?
and _num_ inches thick ?
you 're confused - that 's an led tv .
can i interest you in direct tv ? ''
i 'm not interested in supporting either company .
at 1:30 , no tv .
off to the store i went and spoke to manny , the store manager .
so here i am with his computer again ... in line at geek squad .
however , upon arrival , i saw that the guitar center had closed .
your store is garbage .
one of those between _num_ am and _num_ pm windows .
having heard nothing from them by _num_ pm i called to inquire .
why would i cancel the appointment after having wasted my entire day off .
seriously will never come back .
i would give them negative stars if i could !
i 'm not much of a yelper but this has to be said .
afternoon rolls around i decide to call them .
hire better workers best buy !
spent over seven hours buying a laptop that 's already in stock .
the total was _num_ or _num_ hundred dollars .
i wore the boots once to a wedding and the paint was peeling off .
i went back and talked to the owner .
i spent $ _num_ !
i would .
the next lady treated me like i was wasting her time .
we do n't have anything maybe you should die your hair '' .
the selection is very limited and expensive .
i would not recommend it .
i just left this store & i 'm pissed !
i was very disappointed with selection of wigs .
the staff was so rude !
they were not helpful what so ever .
parking lot sucks to get out of though .
hands down the worst place to get tint done waste of time and money !
the way that i was treated on the phone was horrible !
full disclosure : i was redeeming a groupon .
it 's hard to find a good shop , but this is n't it .
running a business is hard , i get it .
but at least say sorry when you mess up .
took more than _num_ hours for front tire changes and a patch .
only reason i came here was because i had a coupon .
will not go back again .
guys are very rude !
do n't go here unless you want to plan on being lied to .
when i left , they charged $ _num_ per tire .
i took it to my normal mechanic to check out the list .
and do n't let them anywhere near your engine .
i paid approximately $ _num_ for the tires .
i have since taken my business elsewhere and i suggest you do the same .
unprofessional , rude , and like to argue .
no thanks !
how hard could a quote be for someone who regularly works in this area .
i however had better ideas for my day off .
these guys just ca n't get it right !
this place is pathetic !
they probably would find a way to mess that up though .
the first oil change we walked in on a saturday and waited .
they said no not on my sons as he never said to .
the second time we came on a saturday as well - no appointment needed .
we told him this is our 3rd time and we never needed it before .
as we are talking he is shaking his head basically calling us a liar .
we walked out because he was a jerk .
i come in and this time i made a comment to rick .
he goes , oh ya you guys got all mad an walked out .
i ca n't believe a business owner would treat his customers that way .
the first time i got my oil changed i did n't have an issue .
i 'm never coming back here again .
how rude of them .
i was literally shaking when we left -- voice cracking & everything .
but it took _num_ hours and most of the time it was sitting .
well , they give out a free car wash with the oil change .
anyway , i also paid them to clean the carpets .
they gave me a discounted deal at $ _num_ .
my bad ?
this story goes on too long .
i am just going to end it by saying this place totally sucks .
unbelievable .
i would n't recommend the `` upgrades '' that they offer .
long story short , i was offered a wax and declined .
about _num_ to _num_ minutes pass , and my car was ready .
instead i just wo n't go back .
this was my fifth visit , and last .
when in for a car wash , salesman told me about special on detailing .
there is no information provided on your receipt !
this is an awful company .
stay away unless you want your vehicle damaged with zero response from company .
terrible car wash .
the website clearly said it closed at _num_ p.m. .
the weather was fine and it was not dark yet .
terrible .
i went with someone else and i would get other quotes before buying here .
only stayed one night , got in late .
a/c was loud and difficult to be anything other really cold or too hot .
they were sold out , no option to get another room .
really , marriott ?
it was horrible !
no complimentary water either .
not string here again .
too bad .
nice on the inside but employees and other customers are not pleasant .
this mcdonalds is one of the worst i have ever been to .
the staff has little common sense .
also do n't bother asking for a free cup of water .
avoid this mcdonald 's at every opportunity !
i drive out of my way so i dont go to this mcdonalds !
a manager was yelling and very unprofessional with a new and training employee .
sometimes even 2-3 times a week .
well use google maps there are other sites i 'm sure with better service .
but not a rude as the woman who threw my cup onto my tray .
not placed , not tossed , but threw it on my tray .
extremely rude worst customer service ever .
highly do not recommend .
worst place i 've ever been .
everything about this place is gross and dirty .
the waitress was great , too bad the food was n't .
i ordered the lobster , shrimp and crab legs , potato and rice .
my tongue still hurts due to the volume of salt .
the lobster tail was as rubbery as a burned steak .
i probably should n't have eaten it .
i remember red lobster used to be good for sea food .
this is no longer the case .
very disappointing .
last night , i only had one because it was neither warm or tasty .
really , there are better seafood places around .
the casinos all have crab leg and shrimp buffets !
why waste good money on bad food ?
a female answered and placed me on hold for more than _num_ minutes .
needless to say , i went hungry after hanging up , giving up .
i 'm going with _num_ stars because i like the biscuit .
but i feel like i just ate a _num_ dollar plate of mcdonald 's .
worst experience ever .
manager did n't offer any compensation for our inconvenience .
horrible !
horrible services !
never again coming to this overrated places .
i got a fish it 's was cold and tasted horrible .
horrible horrible over priced never coming again .
my food was horrible .
this is a major pet peeve !
such a disgrace .
i ca n't believe they paid for this crappy food .
( thumb down ) .
i personally felt rushed .
maybe the lady was new and it was just a one bad case .
but for a quiet friday night , i would have expected more attention .
the only saving grace is the cheese bread .
this place is n't what it used to be .
i was in mesa on business and checked in .
room was fine ... until i went to bed .
i immediately went to the front desk and she gave me another room .
terrible hotel .
the whole hotel might as we 'll be for smokers .
no shampoo in the bathroom .
left and stayed at the holiday inn .
are you kidding me ?
worst place we have ever stayed .
and this is only day _num_ .
if we could get a refund , we 'd leave .
poor tv reception .
extremely bad experience !
place is disgusting !
the whole place reeks of cigarette smoke including the front desk .
if you 're looking for anything better than that do not stay here .
i would rather sleep in my car or outside .
do not stay here .
so we show up and now have to find another hotel .
their suggestion was motel _num_ .
worst place to stay !
worst place to stay !
i ca n't get in and she refused to help me ?
he saw me immediately which was nice .
he diagnosed my condition , then said to do a follow up .
he does n't care .
i said `` no sheet '' , thats why i want them rotated .
that 's it , no more of my business ever again .
i gave the technician $ _num_ for his trouble .
there really is no discount .
they are counting on you to miss this in their contract .
they apparently tried to pull one over on us .
sorry - did n't happen here .
matt tried to hard sell me anyway on their services .
just pathetic .
failed to show up yesterday for scheduled service after i waited for _num_ hours .
the reason they did not show up - the technician did not check in .
do not use this service .
the management blamed the error on a new employee .
i told them we were unhappy and they literally said `` ok '' .
we immediately switched services .
they were diligent , considerate and professional .
again , stay away from this company .
they do not care about their customers , only their $ $ $ .
do n't use this company .
this customer service is terrible .
i 'm not that remote , i 'm in cave creek .
if you answer the door when they arrive , service goes as expected .
they never have hot and ready pizza actually ready .
avoid this place if at all possible .
one was the new pretzel pizza and the other one was pepperoni pizza .
i was just fine , before i ate the new pretzel pizza .
i am very disappointed with the food .
horrible place to go for pizza !
they did n't have a cheese pizza ready at all .
you ca n't change the price after you 've already made and agreement .
in this economy you ca n't quote people a price and then change .
very disappointed with the way home depot handled this .
i do n't know what it is , who knows .
i 'll shop home depot in gilbert .
after one season , stopped starting .
needs a $ _num_ carb clean .
said ' i do n't normally work over here . '
no shit .
terrible phone and customer service .
will never use for installation of anything again .
they overcharged me and were completely inconvenient .
i do n't care what the deal is .
never again home depot .
i would put no stars or negative _num_ stars if i could !
people here are rude !
then she hung up on me !
then hung up on me again !
this is the worst home depot we 've ever shopped from .
i really wish i could remember her name she deserves _num_ stars .
silly .
after sleeping on the mattress for one night , we were extremely disappointed .
after _num_ more nights , we had had enough .
i called the formerly very friendly salesman and explained our situation .
there is no way i let this stand !
big rip-off junk trash mattress junk !
do not buy a mattress from this company !
shame , shame on you !
i tried to fix my bike tires myself after the tube popped .
guess i 'll take my money elsewhere .
overall not a bad experience , i just like to get what is advertised .
the man i talked to was very rude .
i had hoped that the attitude would change but i guess not .
absolutely no service after a sale .
should n't promise things they ca n't deliver on .
poor excuse of a proper business transaction .
very bad experience .
do n't do business with especially mike .
rude and very unprofessional ... where should i start ?
cash price _num_ ) .
went to a car place right around the corner and were treated much better .
i was n't window shopping .
we ended up waiting for this mike for just shy of _num_ minutes .
we had n't even driven the car yet !
over all , if i could give this place _num_ stars i could .
unfortunately , this man is not the salesman .
things at this sonic have gone from bad to worse .
that should be simple , well not for them or their management staff .
we get the receipt and they charge us _num_ .
should be and easy fix , should be , well it was n't .
they gave us a coupon for a _num_ drink for later .
no matter how many ways we explain , they do n't get it .
worst place .
there was no one there the whole time .
disappointed .
i 'm in a hurry people but they do n't care .
service was rude as could be as well .
if i could give zero stars i would .
i know things happen , but repeated incompetence gets old .
probably why you failed your inspection a few months back .
no customer service skills at all .
maybe this is why the parking lot is empty .
they always forget an item or two .
making me wait even longer .
both times left without my complete order .
got my drink order wrong again .
no strawberry just a limeade .
even my receipt says frozen strawberry limeade .
beyond disappointed .
but the last few months they have gotten my order wrong .
forget this place , i 'll go to another one instead .
i usually do n't complain about terrible service from fast food .
but i get an unusual amount of cold food from this location .
they ruined my $ _num_ david 's bridal gown that i got altered here .
they were terrible !
terrible customer service and now i am out nearly $ _num_ on a dress !
all i experienced was bad service .
boy , was i wrong !
to my surprise there was no appointments scheduled for either girl !
this place could not be any less organized .
horrible service , horrible price , horrible customer service .
unfortunately we do not recommend them and will never be back .
i will not return for any dress alterations in the future .
this did not upset me as i understand that things happen .
once again , this is `` discount auto repair '' .
i have never paid more than $ _num_ for an oil change , never .
and lucky me , i almost get ripped off for $ _num_ .
for no apparent reason .
because , without a doubt , he tried to do that with me .
i 'm lucky i just walked away with my $ _num_ oil change .
are you kidding me ?
long story short ... .
i would swear they all have not been cleaned since then .
no introduction .
no `` nice to meet you '' .
his type of therapy did not work for me in the least .
are you kidding me ?
this was completely unprofessional and unacceptable .
sad to say , this is one restaurant i will not be returning to .
the food was bland and lacked flavor .
let 's just say it was a start to a bad meal .
nothing about the dish screamed central american flavors .
the breading was heavy and disgusting .
it also came with the worst plantains i 've ever had .
dry , overcooked , and extremely chewy .
i am not trying to pick on this place .
not to beat up on these nice folks too much .
oh how we need negative stars available on here .
went there a few weeks back and have n't returned and wo n't .
ordered chicken strips , fries and mac n cheese .
that was a mistake .
the mac n cheese was runny and bland .
i do n't get why there are so many church 's locations .
this location is horrible .
no big line .
horrible location .
how dare you serve cold , old , stale fries to your customers ?
they are never ready for more than _num_ people .
bathrooms where disgusting .
no soap .
the chicken was very crispy , mashed potatoes where cold .
my first experience sucked !
i had to wait _num_ min .
big mistake !
it really needed to be wiped down big time .
i guess my biggest gripe had to be with the food .
it was nasty !
not sure why but did not remember paying for a color changing burrito .
mmmm bathrooms right by entrance kind of gross .
went there the other night and tacos were extremely cold !
mushy , tasteless bun .
$ _num_ summary , do n't go to the mesa stand .
somehow , even with bacon , there was just no taste whatsoever .
fortunately at $ _num_ not big waste of money .
i do n't understand why this place is so highly rated .
the rooms are supposed to me non-smoking which is not true .
just recently stayed here .
made a big mistake .
i was given a room that had not even been cleaned .
was then told i would receive a discount for the room .
the front desk clerk would not get off the phone .
does not mean much to this hotel .
i showed up a half hour before my appointment to fill out paperwork .
the patient that had an appointment before mine , showed up after me .
but that 's not the worst part !
no gloves were worn when i was given my iv .
not real happy with my first experience with them .
i have rarely met a pizza that i did n't like .
i was seriously disappointed .
this is not a new york style pizza .
the reason for only two stars is because their service was awful .
i do not know why they think i was sitting there ... .
in addition , i was not given any kind of discount for my trouble .
now , i like streets ... .
this location is just not that great .
if you are coming to watch `` the game '' , skip it .
so soggy were not hot at all .
i became so frustrated that i just said forget it and hung up .
and for a second time i repeated to him , _num_ centennial way .
awful awful awful .
hey mr manager you see this review and have a problem ?
i became so frustrated that i just said forget it and hung up .
and for a second time i repeated to him , _num_ centennial way .
awful awful awful .
do n't give this place your business .
hey mr manager you see this review and have a problem ?
i instantly felt like i was at denny or ihop !
beer was cold .
the soup had no noodles or beans and was very spice .
when i received the order there were no dressings .
`` streets of new york '' - really ?
very unsatisfied .
both orders of food were room temperature and therefore soggy .
no napkins or utensils were given to us .
chicken parm - do n't do it .
you 're better off making it at home .
the sauce is bland and the chicken is dry .
margherita pizza - it 's does n't taste bad !
all sizes , toppings and types work for me .
horrible customer service .
awful damn service , sat down and no one served us .
husband had chicken parm that he asked for without the pasta .
everything else was bad .
tea was watered down and tasted like water .
the chicken parm was cold and came with more pasta than chicken .
waitress seemed new and was trying her best , but it was a disaster .
as for sitting down , i would avoid it until they fix some issues .
lots of dirty tables and the floors were filthy .
the cooks were good though food was hot and yummy !
unless you 're are really hunger and do n't mind bad service come here .
sorry but get better food and servers .
so disappointed !
sadly , i was wrong .
to begin , their chicken pieces are very , very small .
for the final issue , we go back to the breasts .
then the spaghetti tasted like it was microwaved .
i would n't eat at their restaurant again , though .
they gave away our double queen room .
not to mention you have to pay $ _num_ for wi-fi per device !
now for the bad experience .
policy is a _num_ hr notice prior to leaving .
this place is just as bad as cali .
so rule of thumb .
recently stayed at this hotel for a baseball tournament .
not the comic store for me !
tried this place for the first time today for lunch .
and the amount of rice you get was pitiful !
rice is the filler - there should have been more of it .
the chow mein tasted ok - it was n't bad or anything .
ugh , my first night in mesa i went and picked this food up .
the crispy ones used to dip in sweet sauce , not pan fried noodles .
i could n't eat it .
i would not recommend this place .
the sauce was alright , the chicken and veggies were good .
highly disappointing and a waste of money !
it tasted like canned lemon pie filling .
the fried rice was dry and awful .
the egg roll was soggy and disgusting .
i suspect , in fact i know it was a frozen product .
do n't go here with any high expectations .
the food is just bland .
i ordered chicken teriyaki for lunch take out today .
i could never go back .
... would not suggest the chicken teriyaki .
nothing was fresh not even the vegetables .
everything came out with in _num_ minutes of ordering .
also asked for hot mustard but we never got it .
do not waste your time or money at this place .
i would n't even give them _num_ star if it was possible .
why am i the first to review this place ?
just had dinner ( sushi ) and was not impressed .
i was disappointed by something different each and every moment that passed .
i could on , but i 'd eventually start to feel bad .
i mean it was totally dead .
so we sat down and ordered some food .
let me say that the rice was mushy and the chicken was cold .
i could hardly eat any of it .
i normally do n't complain about prices .
i 'm not poor .
but for what we got , it just was n't worth it .
i was pissed .
as we left we all decided not to come back , thank god .
it 's been slowly getting worse everytime i visit .
last night was a joke though .
no bartender to make mixed drinks .
who does n't have a bartender and popular alcohol on a saturday night ?
the food was not very good at all .
the filet was not good meat and the lobster was dry .
he would keep asking the server to bring him these items asap .
i do n't see myself ever going back .
the total was over $ _num_ for _num_ people .
it 's ok sushi , for arizona .
but the sushi 's not too bad , and it 's definitely cheap .
on neither occasion did the restaurant have green tea .
on the second occasion , i ordered a sake .
it was watered down .
maybe , but i probably wo n't order anything but sushi .
that 's how bad our experience was .
there were only about _num_ tables sat when we got there .
we waited for about _num_ minutes and no one even came to acknowledge us .
the place was n't busy , and they chose to ignore us .
do n't go to this restaurant unless you like bad service .
sadly , they are now closed .
she seemed like a miserable lady .
worst service from any business of any kind .
i could n't be more disappointed .
if you have the opportunity , you may want to find another place .
the employees are not courteous or even basically helpful .
the dmv is not fun .
3rd party dmv companies are n't fun either ... we all understand this .
this is the only reason i did n't give desert title _num_ star .
she got rude with me from this point out .
do n't let the pretty office design fool you .
i waited for _num_ minutes and still had n't been helped .
i wo n't be going back .
my mistake was trusting that this company was giving me a fair deal .
luckily , i only got one thing fixed but i will not be back .
these are the worst people to deal with and will rip you off !
unfortunately , i have not received a very high level of customer service .
i was standing up on them trying to get it to stop .
the service advisor was shocked at how bad they were .
i was already very nervous driving the suv after my near accident .
they are only willing to give me a partial trade in value .
rip off !
lacks integrity !
they claimed it fixed , but it 's not .
my experience here has continually been subpar .
would not recommend this dealership to anybody !
terrible business practices !
our _num_ ford broke down in the desert _num_ miles outside phoenix .
when i questioned it , the price dropped to $ _num_ .
no call back !
the pump they installed was leaking and they would have to order another .
do n't take your car here .
they wanted to charge me $ _num_ to fix it .
then ... their recommendation was a total fluid flush for another $ _num_ .
well ... a fluid flush is the answer to all my problems , huh ?
no need to even lift my truck up .
place is a total , _num_ % rip off .
i would never recommended anyone go here .
they told me no way they could get me under the $ _num_ .
horrible customer service by matt .
guy has no people skills .
always tried to talk over us and does n't listen before he spoke .
matt had the vehicle over _num_ business days and two weekends total .
ridiculously expensive and i feel like i was ripped off .
it was not running as well as before they repaired it .
another $ _num_ and the check engine light no longer comes on .
yet they did n't print out our diagnostic paperwork to show us .
the assistant manager told us the alternator needed replaced as well as the battery .
only to find out once we went somewhere else the battery was still good .
i do n't get it .
i am from chicago and have only found places i like .
was disappointed .
and being from chicago , i like my italian sausage , not pepperoni .
the sausage was bland and was almost freeze dried .
no flavor , not moist .
very disappointed .
the chicken ( which i paid extra to have !
i ordered a small pizza with a large salad for pickup .
the call ended , no thank you for calling , nothing .
he just hung up on me .
i visited nellos on a thursday night with my two children .
after waiting too long , we ordered .
it took at least _num_ minutes to get a horrible salad .
both the house dressing and balsamic dressing were awful .
the salad was tasteless .
the pizza was not bad , but not good either .
we had beer , wings , and deep dish pizza - standard fare .
i was not impressed with the pizza .
i had a deep dish with sausage and meatballs .
pizza sucked .
not the best dinner .
my son had their `` famous '' meatball sub which was also very bland .
so do yourself a favor and skip this place .
but at those prices i do n't know how they stay in business !
, a little wooden sink and stove ( not great quality ) _num_ each !
i wo n't be going back .
lack of organization makes it very hard to find what you are looking for .
i would recommend shopping other stores before trying this particular one .
wrong order .
the fries were not good ... soggy , not crispy , and bland .
the milk shake did not satisfy my craving .
but ... that 's not why the bad review .
none of them are dressed like they work there .
they did n't greet the customers .
they did n't acknowledge the customers .
we only ordered blizzards and cones .
and irritating !
came to this dq for the $ _num_ cheeseburger lunch special .
wo n't be returning to this dq .
dripping all over , the food took _num_ minutes and fries were icy cold .
that call never came !
waited another _num_ weeks again no call or communication on status of said part .
wish there was a no star option !
this is something every auto parts stores and home repair store can do .
i should have walked away .
horrible .
it was clear she was not on her meds .
go ask the nurse twice for your meds after she turns you away ?
so do n't ever plan anything around your appointment , you will be late .
they tried to hold the paperwork for more money .
they are horrible !
we paid it off , and tried to make an appointment .
so , in conclusion , either have insurance or your screwed .
so now i have to wait till tomorrow , in pain and no meds .
no one came in to let me know they are running behind .
they have been my doctors office for _num_ years .
i arrived _num_ minutes late and stood in line for _num_ mins .
i 've never been late in the _num_ years i 've come here .
this office has changed so much and not for the good .
amanda seems to get everything we ask her to do wrong , .
she was supposed to send the script to my mail order company .
some people just should not be in the medical profession .
on my way out i saw people carrying trays of catered lunches .
extremely unprofessional and i will be requesting not to see him in the future .
worst care and concern from a medical `` group '' i 've seen .
actually not seen .
one star is too many .
my daughter did not tell me about this until after the party .
she definitely does not have a way with kids .
however , the owner 's rude attitude and manner have really disappointed me .
my neighbor was telling me they get paid _num_ dollars an hour .
they do not get paid for this extra hour of work .
instead my _num_ year old already was forced to experience fake social status .
for me this is very inappropriate .
the tea was not even tea and some awful lemonade .
the cake was nothing more then a cheep store bought cake .
wo n't be returning , ever .
we had artificial grass installed in july this year .
this is a complete lie .
but no one wants to bbq outside with the smell of piss surrounding you .
customer service needs to improve .
i was greeted when i walked in but then was ignored .
i am very disappointed in the quality and value of the merchandise .
i will not be a return customer .
time after time this store continues to disappoint .
i needed a pair of shorts so i decided to try this store again .
i return this week only to find that the customer is not priority here .
however , the quality is really poor .
unfortunately , i wo n't be shopping at the avenue again .
do not use smith plumbing .
left my house a complete mess after a sloppy repair .
did not take or return my calls until the end of the second day .
they told me i needed repairs costing a few thousand dollars .
_num_ months ago i paid smith plumbing $ _num_ to replace my water heater .
they sent out the same technician , mike , to fix it .
less than _num_ hours later i was taking a cold shower again .
no hot water .
the 4th try was by mike again .
why did it take so long to find this out ?
smith plumbing refused each time .
i asked no less than _num_ times .
they even replaced water lines that smith plumbing should have .
i called smith to come pick up their water heater and requested a refund .
they refused .
a little crunchy , but not too crunchy .
the burger was a little messy .
what i did n't like was the burger was extremely salty .
after a while , all i could taste was the salt .
i do n't go often to islands .
it was okay , a bit disappointing but i gave it a shot .
fries were bottomless but not great .
service was below par , although they were really busy .
so late night dining options are somewhat limited .
the waffle was a bit overdone , thin , and just looked plain sorry .
the waffles at the best western complimentary breakfast beat the pants off this one .
ick .
i have many fond memories in the waffle houses around our dear valley .
bad service and food tonight from the swing shift crew !
sad , but this will be my first negative review on yelp .
the location was not busy .
my wife stayed behind to pay for the bill .
we understand that employees are human and can have bad days too .
all that aside , i wo n't be going back waffle house .
they do n't believe in butter , instead it 's a butter spread .
oh , now you wan na cut calories .
the white bread toast was stale .
oh no you did n't !
do n't eat here unless you want hair in your food !
this is was a complete let down !
i 'm officially grossed out .
needless to say , that is not very appetizing .
i do n't understand how the health inspector missed this place .
you be the judge ... or just save yourself a trip & your money .
not cool .
after exactly _num_ more minutes of sitting there i walked out .
needless to say , i will not be back to waffle house .
then she delivered my food and told me my toast will be up soon .
eggs over done and cold , hash browns cool from sitting .
still no toast .
i have never ever received my food cold from waffle house .
would not go back ever !
i 've never been ignored for a jukebox before that was a new experience .
i 'm not kidding .
bad food , worse service .
ten minutes later the original waitress came back to get our drink orders .
plate was hot but the cheese was cold .
vegetables were slimy .
big mistake .
the service was better than usual , but the food was worse than ever .
those same tortillas are what is used for the complimentary chips and dip .
the chile relleno was just ok -- -i have had far better .
our waitress was friendly and prompt -- -no complaints at all about the service .
even their carry out food service is terrible , unfortunately .
another woman had been waiting there longer than me .
i walked in and waited _num_ minutes before being greeted .
both times the machine took my money and would n't return it .
no thanks !
it is not a relaxing place to eat breakfast .
one of the worst denny 's ever !
my wife and i came here for breakfast and it was unbelievably bad .
it tasted like a nursing home breakfast .
that 's not why i gave _num_ star .
i gave my debit card and marked a tip .
absolute worst place i 've ever lived !
do n't even waste your time or your money on this disgusting apartment complex .
you do n't want to live at this place .
the management does n't give a shit about you or your property .
they gave us generic jackets on both orders !
instead i took time off work and spent the gas money for nothing .
the alterations woman was not there , and i was just handed the dress .
it was horrible .
i was extremely disappointed in the very poor quality of the alterations .
i am so glad the bride bought her dress from the designer in texas .
she greeted me and did n't make eye contact .
that she might have one zip off skirt dress .
also being attentive and friendly gets more sales than being rude and indifferent .
this place sucked .
plain and simple .
and the dress was too small .
keep in mind were talking about $ _num_ lousy dollar deposit that she had .
he passed away due to cancer unable to use the train .
_num_ minutes after that , the waitress came back , and took our orders .
after _num_ minutes , we still had n't received our meal .
we waited another _num_ minutes , then just got up and left .
jamie , our waiter , was awesome .
the only thing that 's even halfway decent here is breakfast .
do n't order dinner here unless you have self respect issues .
sad that this is all i have to say , is n't it ?
seriously poor service !
the sad thing is it was n't even busy .
seriously poor service !
the sad thing is it was n't even busy .
had a small salad and a muffin and it was over $ _num_ !
will not be coming back .
the turkey dinner .
the meal chosen was tasty but i will not be returning .
the muffin may have been carrot , not sure .
menu changed and the food is horrible and horribly overpriced .
they are trying to go with a french flair and failed .
gross !
now that it 's all changed out i wo n't be back .
it was chunks of chicken on a bread that was n't that great .
i do n't live in the area but i probably would n't come back .
their menu is really not suited to the type of place this is .
sad to say it was n't the same , it was far from it .
she looked me up and down , then said `` just two ?
not very many people and it seems that this place is short staffed .
no hostess , and only _num_ servers for this large place .
with tax and tip the meal came to $ _num_ .
it was fried and was crispy and tough .
sole is a tender fish and does n't need much cooking .
i was very disappointed in this dish and would not recommend it .
and way not worth it .
probably wo n't be back , too many other eateries in mesa to try .
received a very bad service at mimi 's in mesa today .
they did not have enough servers on staff for a busy sunday .
very disappointed first time ever .
the service gets consistently worse as each year passes .
i am not one that usually reviews , good , bad or ugly .
did n't even get rolls until the dinner arrived .
green beans and sweet potatoes were sent back by one because they were cold .
turkey was not hot on anybody 's plate and ice cold on another .
the final insult was what they called pumpkin pie .
so long , mimi 's .
do not be fooled .
my chicken pot pie contained the entire chicken ( or so it seemed ) .
in any event i was really bummed .
oh ... i 'll go back .
yeah ... also ... the artichoke dip was really really bad too .
however , who orders artichoke dip @ mimi 's ?
but still , it was awful .
_num_ p.m. on a saturday is not the busiest .
by the way i do n't write negative reviews .
only received half of my order .
will not be going back .
shame on you for taking my money .
terrible business ethics .
walked out without being served .
host never greeted me and was around the corner talking with co-workers .
place was nearly empty on a saturday evening .
so i ate it cold and it was gross .
turns out she was sorely mistaken !
the person i spoke to left a message for someone to call me back .
no pool !
my balcony off the room overlooked the us _num_ - not to impressive .
you always had to flush the toilet twice to remove all waste .
the hair dryer would n't work the second day .
he did n't even bother to respond .
staff is approachable , not extremely helpful .
but temperature was over _num_ , not worth walking back even that short distance .
internet service was poor .
still no internet .
staff do not even bother to fake concern .
_num_ months with poor internet service .
the hilton in mesa is very outdated .
the lobby is dark as hell .
the hot water is lukewarm .
i have been to other hotels .
none of them charged their guest internet fee .
none of them charge d for breakfast .
no alarm radio only alarm clock .
i would never go there again .
it is lousy .
has nothing to do with the poor people that work there .
this place is n't nice enough to be a hilton .
very outdated .
i wasted _num_ nights worth of points on this place .
pathetic concierge lounge .
this is really depressing !
my room ac will not go above _num_ room feels like _num_ .
there is no full length mirror i this entire _num_ room suite .
the bathroom toiletries were either empty or half used ( disgusting ) .
if i could give this _num_ stars i would .
very dated as others have mentioned .
nope , not hilton .
add another $ _num_ for wifi and $ _num_ for breakfast .
lame corporate no class hilton .
noisy .
seems pretty outdated as well .
noisy .
seems pretty outdated as well .
stayed here in january ( yeah i 'm behind !
and was not too pleased .
omg they were tired and seriously in need of updating .
but our sandwiches were like all bread ?
the sauce bottles on tables were filthy .
horrible management .
negative attitude but the staff seem to try .
it is a waste of time .
zero stars for customer service .
drive thru is apparently more important than customers sitting in store .
slow service .
and they gave me the wrong order .
got the california chicken wrap .
are you kidding me ?
the food is ok , the service is not .
they were not serving many items on the menu .
the service was n't very good .
crew were having fairly loud personal conversations .
was so disappointed , do n't bother , not good .
i ended up throwing half of my sandwich away because it was all bread .
very slow service .
i ordered off the menu so nothing custom that should have taken that long .
i was disappointed to hear that they will only serve hot coffee .
but the dirt wont come off !
wrong .
it looked like the skate line was another hefty wait .
gross .
its just loud , dingy , bad food , etc .
do you know who they have chosen for this date ?
she explained that she would pay for the extra child .
the hostess put him on my guest list anyway .
she was apparently busy with the several other parties that were there .
no kidding .
there is no air machine , even .
you are n't missing anything .
it 's not worth $ _num_ , thats for sure .
this shop held my bumper for four weeks and promised it in _num_ .
they hand me the bumper in the exact condition i dropped it off .
unbelievable .
if i could give _num_ stars i would .
worst customer service ever !
boy was i wrong !
the service like any vietnamese place was lacking .
this place was the worst of them all .
my first impression was not good already .
the food does not have good quality and not fresh .
but we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is very cheap .
the second time we came , the customer service was bad .
utterly awful .
my meal here turned out to be a very odd experience .
this i 'm not used to .
someone else would have left .
and it was not inedible , just took some getting used to .
sorry guys , next time tend to your customers .
booked ahead so , no problem .
sink was dirty .
got a no smoking room .
had cigarette burns on tv bedside table and blanket on bed .
only smelled a bit like cigarettes .
only had one wash cloth two towels and two hand towels .
they gave us hand towels to wash with .
bed too close to wall .
it has not improved .
thru doubled checked , and realized it was three .
i went to my room , to find the door not fully closed .
uh ok , i can deal with that i guess .
i 'm tired from a long drive .
the room smells awful , it looks awful .
i was not expecting much from this motel _num_ .
even taking that into account , i am still disappointed .
cheaper but not worth it .
there 's no hot water .
treating the customer horribly .
said only deal with companies .
originally , i would 've given them _num_ stars .
in the meantime , the problem with the car got worse .
guy that helped me at the office acted like i was n't even important .
work that was going to be done was going to be $ _num_ dollars .
poor customer service , very careless is what it was !
careless !
worst possible experience ever .
i would not recommend these people to work on a gold cart .
why why why .
horrible customer service .
that 's just bad business .
make sure to get the total in writing and signed by the manager !
this place wo n't be in business long .
horrible customer service .
that 's just bad business .
make sure to get the total in writing and signed by the manager !
this place wo n't be in business long .
they gave me an appointment to take it back .
bad experience all around .
worst service ever !
do not go to this company for any reason .
manager quoted $ _num_ for the tint of the windshield .
contacted groupon and requested my money back .
waste of time and money .
i was a long time customer of this business , but never again .
they removed the tint and replaced it with new tint .
i advised that my windows are dusty and to bring a rag outside .
nothing ever came of that .
no manager ever contacted me .
i would not recommend this place .
the car was finished in about _num_ hours from when i dropped it off .
i had a 9:00 appointment .
there 's way too much competition out there to settle for poor customer service .
this business does n't even deserve one star !
no doubt in my mind now , they will never get a third chance .
do n't waste your time .
horrible customer service .
extremely unhelpful and rude to boot .
you ca n't sit here anymore i need the parking lot clear for customers !
get off my property ! ''
but it is never acceptable to scream in someone 's face like that .
this place no longer stands out to me .
there are too many other sandwich shops that i can go to .
just not worth it .
this is an awful place for lunch .
this was a joke , and the check was just the cherry on top .
there are way better sandwhich shops with actual homemade sides for half the money .
for starters , the service has been really bad .
i took the sandwich back , no refund needed .
if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
the pizza and wings were terrible .
the sauce on the pizza had a nasty dust taste to it .
almost like it was old or not fresh .
this is the worst chuck e cheese i have ever been to .
the workers were just standing around not bothering to clean or fix anything .
whoever runs this place should be embarrassed .
they wont even come out to look at it .
i am getting quotes to have the walls torn out and replaced .
the price was right but the job was crap !
they knew it looked like crap and nobody said a word about it !
it should hang over the edge of the cabinet but it does n't .
do not use this place !
it 's not their fault !
it looks horrible !
these people do not really know what they 're talking about .
just trying to sell stuff .
_num_ stars for amount of supplies they carry .
the poor people i could see waiting for _num_ minutes in the drive through !
absolutely ridiculous .
however , zero stars for the double western burger .
it was bland , and very dry .
the bacon was so gross .
we dined in and it took _num_ minutes to get _num_ combo meals .
i like carl 's jr , that 's why i 'm giving two stars .
once inside the store it is well stocked but very small and narrow .
so much for less desirable location meaning cost savings for me .
but customer service goes a long way with me .
not really sure why anyone would shop there .
terrible service .
one guy was helping the customer while the other guy was just standing around .
i guess i did n't look `` gun nut '' enough for them .
i knew the dress needed to be taken in at the bust and shoulders .
that 's fine but , it was such a rude response .
i was quoted $ _num_ !
$ _num_ for very minor alterations .
the all quoted me between $ _num_ - $ _num_ .
i liked the people that run it , but they are getting too greedy .
mason failed to mention it .
i am not real happy with mason mechanical .
i told this particular dunkin ' donuts , and they said they were sorry .
disappointing .
i do n't eat them often enough to waste the experience on bad quality .
but for lunch and service , i was very disappointed .
it was so nasty !
completely disgusted and will not be returning for lunch or to the drive-thru !
what doughnut store has no doughnuts ?
i was seriously disappointed .
i was grabbing breakfast for me .
i do n't care how `` chill '' and laid back this bar is .
mixed crowd , pitchers of beer , oh , and some serious cigarette smoke .
not for me .
they do n't prepare their food very well .
it 's a gross place .
my nine year old would n't even eat it .
it did n't make me vomit and the waitstaff was okay .
needless to say , i was not impressed .
i told her and she comes back in _num_ seconds with my food .
soggy and bland deep dish pizza ?
well i was wrong .
yes it was technically deep dish but not chicago style .
the crust was n't flaky and it was n't even layered right .
as i sat down to meet my friend his drink was delivered .
he gave us a stack of cocktail napkins .
waitress did not know prices of anything not already printed on the menu .
order was wrong .
the shredded lettuce off his sandwich .
overall an awful experience .
i will not dine here again .
server was not efficient and did n't seem to have a clue .
multiple tvs surrounding the dining area .
my pizza was primarily crust with sauce and a bit of cheese .
i wo n't be going here again for dinner .
the waitress hardly came over to check up on us .
it took us over _num_ minutes for us to actually pay for our bill .
the food was bland .
but ... this time around the food was just as horrible .
we hardly ate our meals .
the service was bad .
the food was bad .
bad food .
bad service .
bad tip .
bad restaurant .
the deep dish pizza was terrible .
just terrible .
i made the mistake of ordering a `` deep dish '' pizza .
i got a pizza that was almost all crust and mediocre toppings .
last time for this chicago wan na be .
i feel cheated .
when my food arrived , i was disappointed before i even took a bite .
the fried pickles were n't what i remembered .
she was courteous , polite , and lightning quick .
so very disappointed tonight .
i guess they should change their name to any other team but chicago .
food was ok , beer choices were mediocre considering the breweries in az .
so disappointed in the place .
total bummer , another one bites the dust .
we went tonight because i had an offer for a free birthday pizza .
they were clearly `` warmed '' over in the microwave .
the manager brings the already well cooked , cold pizza out within minutes .
we ordered fries , calamari , individual pizza , and pretzel .
over _num_ mins for this ?
it 's not .
i felt sorry for him ( ok , i 'm a sucker ) .
not bud 's .
had to take it back as still had same problem .
had that done and still had same problem !
i 'm now going through the better business bureau .
dont be fooled by the good reviews .
window screens are full of holes .
walls and doors are dirty .
dont try to sleep in either because the walls thin .
only come here if u dont care where u sleep .
but it has gone down .
no maintenance .
managers very rude .
very bad chain of hotels , gone very bad , stay away from them .
pool did not work .
room not clean , stairs awful very dirty and worn out .
worst experience ever .
very disappointed in the direction la quinta inn seems to be going .
the room was n't vacuumed when i checked in .
during the _num_ days i was in that room it was never vacuumed .
on day _num_ they made me change to another room .
during the remaining _num_ days of my stay , the room was never vacuumed .
the staff dresses and acts like they work for a 2nd rate motor lodge .
the only reason i stayed here was because my company forced me to .
the room i stayed in was anything but renovated .
i am not sure my room was even cleaned before i checked in .
there was an open hotel soap , still wet , on the counter .
so the room was a disappointment and the breakfast was n't a lot better .
and the staff was very friendly and helpful whenever i came across them .
overall , however , i was not impressed .
i have no idea where all the great reviews are coming .
would not stay here again .
breakfast is very low quality .
most horrible experience ever !
this location gets _num_ stars out of _num_ stars .
then they forgot my sauces that cost me _num_ and did n't care .
mary decided to tell me `` you need to hurry it on up !
excuse me ?
that is rude !
my bad !
i will not return anymore !
is there anything less than _num_ star .
the pizza never got here - ordered hours ago .
called after the first hour and a half and was told _num_ minutes .
no pizza .
ridiculous .
dominos sucks .
thanks for nothing .
why _num_ star ?
this dominos can not include sauces that they charge for .
no marinara sauce !
not a huge deal ... it 's only like _num_ cents .
frustrating & funny .
they charge me for it , why ca n't i get it ?
however , this was the worst domino 's i 've ever had by far .
ive had cafeteria pizza back in the 70s better than this .
the canadian bacon was like plastic and the pepperoni was like jerky .
if i could give this location _num_ stars i would .
simply appalling service .
disgusting .
that toppings being pineapple , mushrooms , jalapeo , and pepperoni .
we ordered stuffed crust with marinara sauce .
we got a lukewarm badly made pizza with no sauce .
the pizza was just dough in the middle .
you ca n't really see the raw dough you have to feel it .
why would n't i , they had good reviews right ?
it was shipped to me _num_ days later .
some of the power door locks and power mirrors did not work .
i would highly advise not bringing your car here .
the car is not even worth that much .
they also threatened not to give her car back .
how rude .
after giving these guys multiple chances , it 's over for me .
come here if you like rude staff and terrible experiences , again and again .
if it was up to me they would get _num_ stars !
no stars !
he said it would take _num_ days .
i return after _num_ days .
later that day i get a call it is ready .
what bothers me the most is being lied to by the service guy bill .
no apology just were coming to get your bike !
we should of asked for our $ $ back !
stop in on a whim to pick up some pizzas .
got a specialty pizza and some honey hot wings .
super disappointed that it took so long and that nothing was right .
the food was good but the pizza was n't crisp .
the service was not good .
they confused our order and then did n't believe we ordered garlic bread .
gross !
i will only get take out from this place from now on .
the dining room had clearly not been vacuumed lately .
as far as i know , that 's not sanitary .
very disappointed in this location .
i ordered a pizza , showed up when i was told .
after i paid , i was informed that the pizza was not there .
hello that is not the customers problem .
... no .
this is not pizza .
it 's absolutely horrible bread .
this time however , it went too far .
i got food poisoning that lasted _num_ days .
the first night i did n't eat the one that had meatball on it .
we also had wings and cheese sticks they were really good too .
it cost _num_ cents per dipping sauce if you want extra .
im not going to go into details about that .
im not sure ill be coming to this location again .
the chicken katsu was unfortunately the worst i 've had in the valley .
but in my opinion , this place is slowly getting worse .
we left there disappointed .
so with that being said , _num_ stars .
not good .
not at all what i expected .
i ca n't believe i drove all the way out there for that .
do n't think i 'll be taking another chance on aloha .
being born and raised in hawaii this place is n't so great .
everything else is pretty horrible including the spam musubi !
my plate was ok , not what i was used to .
never again will i eat here and i 'm going to contact the management .
i went today and was disappointed .
thankfully , we have ono hawaiian bbq in town .
drab location in an unassuming strip mall .
service was mediocre at best !
we had teriyaki chicken , katsu , and fish .
the fish tasted like egg .
the salad was a store bought bagged salad with thousand island dressing .
i gave this place _num_ stars .
however , i was quite disappointed with my visit .
so i ended up with a mini order of chicken katsu to go .
the potato - mac salad is indeed flavorful and addicting .
chicken was crispy from the outside and juicy inside .
i do n't get what people see in this place .
i am glad i read the reviews to prepare me for my experience .
so i said , `` hello , were you waiting for us ? ''
she just continued to stare with no reaction .
oh you mean over where you just walked past the extra plates .
do n't think , pretty sure we wont be back .
otherwise , you wo n't see it from the road .
do n't get the saimin bowl .
it is tasteless .
i was looking at the plate lunches of others and they look pretty bland .
it 's just not for me .
did n't get to try it because i 'm such a tiny person .
ate here today and had combo # _num_ .
it was terrible .
teriyaki chicken was quite burnt and hard .
beef was tough and bland .
poor service , mediocre food , disorganized setup , not very clean .
wo n't go there again .
we really did n't find this place appealing .
there was no menu actually posted - just a white board with some specials .
there was confusion about their menu .
the online menu in yelp is n't overly accurate , by the way .
neither , apparently , is their printed menu .
the chicken katsu was decent .
find somewhere else to eat , save yourself the disappointment .
disgusting .
way over priced for this nasty meal .
do n't waste your money .
the breakfasts are not bad , but again its volume rather than quality .
ok , way too much for breakfast .
there was n't enough cinnamon either .
it was so wet and disgusting .
probably just all of my bad luck !
i do n't get it .
why the heck does this place have so many _num_ star reviews ?
the food was bland and meh .
no thanks .
employees seem a little snooty unless you are a regular .
just had breakfast this morning ; the food leaves a lot to be desired .
the waitress was slow to take our order .
i got the spinach , mushroom and bacon omelet .
it was dry and hardly buttered .
every restaurant i have ever been to serves _num_ pieces of toast .
to start , service was not very good .
waiter was not attentive .
not so !
maple syrup is n't even available !
we had _num_ bowls of soup and blackberry bread pudding .
they have 4-5 employees standing at the register talking ?
just ate there this morning .
had the country fried steak and biscuits and gravy .
not impressed at all .
food is super bland and terrible quality !
the style of the restaurant is weird and i felt so out of place .
really ?
did n't you write my order down ?
for the price i would expect much better quality .
thumbs down and will never go back or refer this place .
then once we ordered , it took _num_ minutes to get our food .
very unprofessional and inappropriate .
that is no way to treat customers .
this was one where it missed the mark .
the closes food area near this place is several blocks away .
in a benedict , the eggs are poached and a little runny .
my eggs were perfectly hard poached .
no yellow lava , but a yellow stone .
it was a disappointing morning to start the day .
first , there was no wait to get seated , which is always appreciated .
not a cheap breakfast , but not an expensive one where i felt robbed .
sorry crackers , try again .
eggs came out tiny and overcooked .
they brought me out a new one , and had no flavor .
very disappointing .
absurd ... .
and will never return here again .
it took almost _num_ minutes just to get coffee after ordering .
unacceptable .
i wish i was told this upon arrival .
i had no clue since there was no wait for a table !
thanks for letting me waste my time and drive all the way there .
never will i order omelet , or scrambled eggs there again .
first time my son and i went here , i ordered the greek omelette .
basically if you have food allergies , avoid this place .
honestly nothing to write home about .
of course , whoever it was at the counter said no .
spent more time waiting than eating .
came in today with my seven person family .
she came back to the table nervous and said they would n't fix it .
so disappointing and embarrassing to the family with me .
never again will i spend a dime at this place .
gross ... cockroaches crawling around floor !
i mean , come on ... take an accurate order .
they have lost my business .
the management is very rude .
the bathrooms are very dirty and smell horrible .
we could n't eat inside and sit down .
i am never coming here again .
i found a hair ball in my half bucket of hot wings .
this place lacks professionalism , customer service , and cleanliness .
i would give this place zero stars if i could .
booked a moving truck rental online a week prior .
he refused to close out the rental until i agreed to it .
i do n't care about _num_ bucks .
i almost lost my life along with my beloved pets .
budget is not `` pet friendly . ''
if there was a button for no stars i would press it .
one star is for nathan kelly avis rep .
i am extremely cautious about what that i put in and on my body .
i grabbed a towel and wiped my leg .
he repeatedly denied my experience .
the crunchy taco shell was so stale cardboard would have tasted fresher .
this time it came dry .
they told me the box the toy came in needed an outer shipping box .
the clerk said that would be $ _num_ .
wrong !
for a cardboard box !
the worst customer service i have encountered .
i will not be coming back or shipping through ups again .
i was told no and to go print it somewhere else .
$ _num_ spent for literally nothing .
unfortunately , i was not expecting a $ _num_ and $ _num_ repair estimate .
i sold the watch but i would not recommend this place .
i have purchased _num_ watches from them in the last _num_ months .
they took a _num_ 1/2 months to get it back to me .
however they did n't fix it .
i asked them why it would take so long .
so now i have _num_ watches that are useless .
i just walked out and will never go back .
it 's less than _num_ months and both are not working .
at least they did n't charge me for the for their learning experience .
do not sell your things to these people .
they offer you almost nothing for your stuff .
i am sad to report i was not impress .
i would go back to this place for corn tamales only .
the service is slow .
i saw the _num_ waitress carrying _num_ bowls at a time .
my daughter ordered chicken that looked good but was raw inside .
the chicken is really hard and my daughter lost interest in the food .
came here with our family and there are only _num_ of us .
the shrimp pupusas was my fave amongst beef and pork .
it was alright ... had better .
but sunday during brunch may not have been the most ideal time .
after reading the reviews i was excited about trying this place .
we drove _num_ minutes to have dinner & was pretty disappointed .
horrible costumer service .
no need to spend my money on a place like that .
my experience , however , was very disappointing .
while the waitress was friendly , the service was very slow .
unfortunately , it did n't !
the salsa was bland and tasteless .
the empanadas were so hard you could have seriously hurt someone with them .
lunch for _num_ totaled over $ _num_ ( tip included ) .
needless to say , we will not return to this restaurant .
they were so bland .
it 's not so bad .
i 've stayed in worse .
this is the crappy hotel against which i compare other crappy hotels .
not impressed at all by this hotel .
my first room smelled like garbage and i had to move .
but i would not stay here again .
after _num_ minutes , we gave up and had to leave .
bottle of water is apparently an unreasonable request .
ok so now i am a bit annoyed .
the doors were in ill repair and in need of replacement .
he still insisted he was right and i was wrong .
annoyed i proceeded to re check in .
the worst holiday inn experience ever .
it was a very uncomfortable experience .
the restaurant on the other hand is horrible !
it was cooked well , but for _num_ it was tiny piece of fish .
wifi is weak .
but even worse , bed bugs .
to my shock , there was bed bugs .
i 'm covered in bed bug bites .
bad food .
this hotel is awful !
he was disrespectful and dismissive of our concerns .
he is the reason for this seemingly unnecessary rant .
rented the room for $ _num_ a night .
once again hubby and i ended up taking another cold showers .
i 've been here for two days and there is still no hot water .
this is the worst holiday inn we 've ever stayed in .
a group of us ate at the restaurant .
one of the worst sandwiches i 've eaten .
the several ron was very condescending and rude .
will not eat here again .
the range balls are old and a little worn .
i said for the ice bucket that 's ridiculous .
she did not seen to want my business .
probably will never go back there again .
sorry appliance parts depot you lose .
i also needed some other items printed .
the worst service ever .
the manager is a complete racist .
the manager looked at me and refused to serve me .
this branch is disgusting and sad .
the food is just ok with almost no selections .
why go to a buffet with no choices .
the noodles were burnt and the pork overcooked .
i am still ( _num_ years later ) amazed .
word to the wise should be sufficient .
unbelievable .
wish i had gone with a different company .
ill be going that way from now on .
$ _num_ service charge to start for hot tub repair .
the tires still have not even moved still .
i walked in and not one said hello or may i help you .
we are having our 1st baby .
we walk in to find out they made our appointment for their mesa location .
nothing like rushing on our big day .
i would give _num_ stars to my ultra sound tech who did my ultrasound !
she talked me through the whole process .
this group is one of the worst i have seen .
everytime i would go they had someone new .
the following morning i had emergency surgery to save my son .
thankfully i am _num_ weeks post surgery and now _num_ weeks pregnant .
it was the generic computer voice .
every phone i used reached my phone .
ridiculous .
will not be doing business with them again .
horrible customer service !
i 'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union .
he was rude and very condescending .
if you were running the place i probably would still have my accounts there .
( _num_ th and camelback ) .
it will save lots of money and hassle .
inconsistent delivery .
it reads like a children 's book report more often than not .
this is the worst delivery service i have ever had .
five of the last six sundays have been missed .
they must be trying to get me to cancel , and i probably will .
terrible , terrible experience !
awful customer service .
some of the worst customer service of any public company .
the worst marketing company i have ever worked with .
the sales rep guaranteed they would fix and remove all further billing .
arizona republic is the worst company / newspaper out there .
the check was short .
i am so pissed off at that god damn company .
it is not much money but its the fucking principle of the matter .
i guess it 's not at az republic .
none have been able to provide lasting solutions .
i 'm always tempted to take videos to post on you tube .
calling the newspaper does not seem to do any good .
if i could give this company a zero , i would .
i also filed a police report and i contacted the coupon people .
awful awful company
how about a double zero or negative _num_ .
( seriously ?
the problem is with the people who answer the phone .
too strange for me .
i 'm not calling them again .
it is now _num_ o'clock and have yet to hear anything .
thanks for nothing .
not liking .
i called the manger , mike , who was very understanding at least .
what i did not realize was that it expired at the one year mark .
very disappointing .
the construction was delayed and seemed to drag on forever .
they said they could n't find them in their warehouse .
the appointment was for _num_ am this morning .
at this point he stopped talking to us all together .
after about a half hour of this , we left , extremely disappointed .
we essentially wasted hours meeting with a company to walk away with nothing !
their customer service is lacking to say the least !
it does not exist .
now to be fair , i have loved this pharmacy for years .
all of a sudden this last week , meds were n't filled at all .
she apologized to me and said they could n't fill them .
he told me it was my fault for not getting there earlier that day .
well excuse me for having to take care of patients late .
what a sorry excuse for a `` healthcare professional '' !
the store is great , but the pharmacy service is horrible !
i then called the pharmacy back and was placed on hold for _num_ minutes .
i did n't have a receipt because i never planned on returning it .
she said there is no way she will take it back .
she said no at there store it is $ _num_ .
she did n't even look it up .
she said no your not your through shopping here .
you have your choice of where you spend your money .
i would n't spend it at cvs .
go to walgreens or another place to get your rx filled .
had to wait over _num_ minutes after my appt .
office staff was less than friendly .
i was on time for both visits , the wait is absolutely ridiculous .
however , the front office staff can leave a bad taste .
i 'm all for the long holiday weekend , i think it 's great .
the first pair of glasses my husband got were terrible .
there is no reason to wait over an hour after your appointment time .
customer service is horrible .
the female supervisor rude and needs to learn how to make a tuna sandwich .
in addition , it 's often times difficult to find a clean table .
one time i waited _num_ minutes !
and in case you still did n't understand , my wallet was stolen .
he was rude from the minute i walked in the door .
i might consider switching banks after that awful encounter .
i 'm new to area so do n't know the best place to go .
eyebrows turned out ok i guess .
wo n't be going again .
i would give zero stars if that was an option !
i grow my nails out very long & always get a gel over lay .
even worse , she was n't even apologetic .
not impressed .
he was so rushed he did n't even put a base coat on .
no hot towels or hot stones .
no waters given to clients .
i will not take a chance on being ripped off !
i went to the counter to pay and almost had a heart attack !
lesson learned , will not ever go back .
i went to the counter to pay and almost had a heart attack !
lesson learned , will not ever go back .
no way would i go back to this business .
i visited this starbucks around _num_ a.m. on the day after christmas .
the service there is almost rude .
they seem as if they are annoyed to be busy .
: / not the best starbucks experience i 've had .
i should 've listened to the other reviewers .
rude and annoyed .
they seemed annoyed that people were there to order coffee !
the cashier was rude and rolled her eyes when someone said `` oh !
can i also get a pumpkin muffin ? ''
it made me uncomfortable .
i 'm not ever coming back to this one .
they have really poor customer service , and i wo n't be going back !
should be zero stars .
after _num_ minutes i gave up and walked out .
just reminded me why i do n't shop safeway or go to starbucks .
slowest drive through starbucks on planet earth .
avoid avoid avoid .
this is the slowest starbucks i 've ever been too .
weather you 're drive through or going inside .
probably wo n't be going here no more .
they completely ignore your order and you actually have to inquire about it .
what disappointing service !
the vegetables were overcooked and the dishes lacked flavor overall .
mediocre .
wonton soup as best thing i had .
not worth the drive to east mesa .
not bad ... better than panda but not by much .
their `` fried '' rice that comes with the lunch special is hardly fried .
the bbq pork chow mein was n't horrible .
walk in around lunch time and was greeted and seated right away .
my boyfriend ordered the orange chicken and i got the sweet and sour chicken .
its a lot of food for $ _num_ but its gross .
also the lights are so dim in there that its hard to see .
this place is a joke !
went back several months later with my girlfriend again !
do n't bother going there !
if you like dog food , then go to this lousy place for food .
i figured i had to write something .
very cheap but not very good .
literally the worst food i 've ever paid for in my life !
probably the most inconsistent chinese rest i 've ever eaten at .
the food ranges from alright to absolutely awful .
they also use a lot of canned vegetables .
maybe it 's the sauce that covers up the awful meat ?
everything else is a crap shoot .
this is the only chinese restaurant in the area .
also , there staff are not talkative or friendly .
in fact , you 're better off eating at panda express .
just did n't seem like it had much flavor .
service was _num_ stars , food was _num_ stars .
a _num_ star rating for `` meh .
just was ... unremarkable .
i feel bad about not liking it , and i really hope others do .
i 'll probably try it again , just wish i 'd been blown away .
have just had too many others that were way better .
i mean , it 's edible ... would i ever crave this ?
ate lunch there and wish i had n't .
worst food i 've ever eaten .
zero stars .
food- no taste .
too much batter on the honey chicken .
and when i got to the chicken it tasted boiled and weird .
tasteless egg roll .
even if they want cheap .
is cheap .
ordered an egg roll and it was cold .
i stopped in here for carryout the other night for the first time .
the tso chicken was extremely breaded .
it had an unusual flavor to it i could n't place .
it appears they use dark meat for it and not white breast .
that pretty much ruined the rest of the meal for me .
i have n't found a bone in my chinese food for nearly _num_ years .
the sweet and sour sauce was kind of bland .
my wife said the orange chicken was below average .
prices to me were on the higher side for the portion size and quality .
the customer service was overall lacking with this person .
they said they could not help me at all .
will not go back .
what airport greasy spoon restaurant is closed on sunday morning ?
i no longer will be using walgreens , specifically not their gold canyon location .
_num_ ) finally , they got the auto refill up and running .
i need services like this to work properly .
i received no apology or explanation .
so extremely disappointed with the service .
never going back .
sat until _num_ , mom got in and i sat until 1:30 .
so i sat for another _num_ min waiting for mom .
so , so disappointed !
oh yeah , and we got sick from the food too !
the fellow informed me they were out of sourdough .
he informed me he would have to charge more .
i asked why , the _num_ sandwiches cost the same .
this guy has no management or customer service ability at all .
that really pissed me off , not sure if i 'll ever go back .
same bs as before !
the other employee , matt , was the same way .
both just completely rude and lazy .
i will never be back .
boy was that a bad idea !
the problem is bad smelly meat .
once we received very turned shrimp ( smelled very awful ) .
quite frankly , he did n't seem to give a care .
i think he is fat and very lazy !
i will not buy bashas own meat again !
obviously , bashas own packaged meat can not be trusted .
i am very glad that the old store manager , bobby , is gone .
nothing was done .
too bad the management ca n't perform well .
it tastes like cardboard .
very disappointed .
it 's ridiculous to try and fool your customers .
if you know , then tell the customer .
you are being lazy .
there was not a customer in sight and two people talking behind the counter .
everything was such poor quality that half was actually inedible .
i 'm not really sure how to rate this place .
but every time i leave , i say i 'm never coming here again .
the food is below average and the service is just bad .
the decor has not changed since the place was built .
we will never step foot into this establishment again !
terrible food , awful service , and the place looks really run down inside .
this restaurant is a poster child for ramsey 's kitchen nightmares .
there is n't one thing on the menu that is good or worth ordering .
because the quality of menu items is very poor .
the carpeting is very worn .
the restaurant gives a real tired appearance .
there is n't one thing on the menu that is good or worth ordering .
because the quality of menu items is very poor .
the carpeting is very worn .
the restaurant gives a real tired appearance .
but the reality is i probably wo n't be back .
life is too short for mediocre !
do not bother .
this restaurant is no longer in business .
been going here for three years but they must have changed chefs recently .
the sauce tasted like tomato paste with a little spice .
no meat as stated on menu .
their menu is limited and expensive for what you get .
salad is not included in the more expensive meals .
unfortunately this restaurant is the only one in town that has ambiance .
it did n't come out as medium and it was luke warm .
oh and the white wine did n't come out chilled ... so not great .
alas it is not .
very expensive and not worth it , strange menu for a casual place .
it 's been _num_ hours now and all we 've gotten are drinks .
not a lot to say here .
very average food you can get almost anywhere .
if everything else is closed , and you 're starving , go here .
but the food and drinks were lame .
could not park anywhere near my room .
the room was $ _num_ alone for nothing special .
horrible course staff !
what would have happened if we were terrible and the pace was even worse ?
maybe that was the reason it took so long , hmmm .
they just lost regular business .
had dinner in restaurant second night it was horrible .
no one cares at check out about your problems .
so disappointed .
but the service and amenities are terrible .
there is no water at any of the holes .
the golf attendants did n't remove my clubs from cart .
we are even a gold card member .
so disappointed in the service .
it 's the middle of summer and the service is terrible .
no one offered to remove my golf bags .
there is breakfast buffet on sundays ( daily during peak season ) .
and after this season , i think i 'll be visiting other courses .
so disappointing - both the courses are beautiful .
it is not very nice to take things that do not belong to you .
the front office and billing is terrible .
they insisted that we cover their error .
waited _num_ minutes , then complained .
waited _num_ more , then left .
_num_ previous appointments had been marginal , but this was totally unacceptable .
slowest mcdonald 's i have ever been too .
nice staff but slow .
if you go inside it 's worse .
only because you ca n't give it a half star .
lousy service .
horrible experience here .
waited _num_ min for a hair cut and was a big mistake .
it 's so hard to wash and blow dry my hair .
so people were coming in and getting taken care of right away .
i hate absolutely hate this walgreens .
worst service i 've ever got .
very bad customer service in the pharmacy .
worst ever !
why do i even have to give this place one star ?
`` i 'll see you in small claims court ! ''
i have never been so frustrated !
very disappointed !
i could not believe the way she treated me .
i am extremely disappointed and at the same time very unhappy about my treatment .
so susan the ma set me up with an appointment that night at 6pm .
she then proceeds to tell me that i owe her $ _num_ !
they had _num_ hours to do so .
i went to this clinic because it was supposed to be cheap and easy .
i walk in to check in and everything was shut down .
i am beyond confused .
instead it was a full _num_ minutes later than she said .
total waste of time .
they did not bother to follow up with me .
was told it would be about _num_ minutes for prescriptions to be ready .
this is not even that !
what a hole !
unfortunately ... she is the owner .
what a disaster !
pedicure chairs have massage features that put me to sleep .
not only that , their cleanliness left a lot to be desired .
she wanted the gel off and polish put on its place .
i got a bad infection in my finger after i went there .
i was there to get pedicure and manicure .
i did not realize it was that long .
that is just gross .
i decided at that time that i could not wait any longer .
now it was _num_ ; _num_ .
yelp was not so helpful on our food hunt in apache junction .
about _num_ minutes passed without our water .
do i need to get it myself ?
enchilada poblano and a grande burrito .
it just filled my belly but did not make me jump for joy .
i was terribly disappointed by the service , despite them all being very nice .
any request must be repeated , as it will be forgotten .
anything more than that , you will be disappointed & pay too much .
it was okay last year - nothing great but nothing bad .
it looked like soup .
it was an awful presentation .
the meat in the taco was seasoned really weird .
it was awful .
i could n't eat it .
i stopped goin here a long time ago .
if you have a car there is no reason to eat here at all .
so sorry we did , the service was horribly bad .
same with us -- we had to request our forks and napkins .
let that not be forgotten in this mostly negative review .
serrano 's has better food for much less money .
nothing to get excited about .
( unlike many other places in aj ) .
i was n't that impressed .
but we might have just gone on a bad night .
so our waiter took our order ( and did n't write anything down ) .
the food was just okay ... i 've had better .
not a fan .
i 'm used to authentic mexican i did n't find it here .
moreover , the service was lackluster .
i was alone and no one greeted me for about _num_ minutes .
after i was seated no one came around for another _num_ minutes .
i wo n't be back .
i probably would n't ever go here again .
i ordered a ground beef taco that had an abundance of onions in it .
the server just cleared the plates without asking if something was wrong .
service is ok , but the food has gone downhill .
too bad .
on the menu , it states they are grilled vegetable quesadillas .
they did n't even cut them all the way through .
i like the patio with the water feature out back .
overall , disappointing experience that does n't warrant a return visit .
my wife really likes the camarones baja ( sauteed shrimp ) .
sent it back ; next batch just as bad and inedible .
server and manager apologized , but no offer of replacement or even a dessert .
was a chef mistake .
just took the item off the bill .
and the vegetables were oily too .
unfortunately our food was very bland .
nothing here to write home about .
the service usually stinks .
salsa was bland .
no heat .
no flavor .
guac was incredibly bland .
because we were talking about enchiladas we assumed that he was getting enchiladas .
the burrito was just veggies folded into a burrito .
cheese enchilada was also horrible .
ca n't put my finger on what was wrong with it .
just gross .
our bill was $ _num_ .
the _num_ % discount was $ _num_ .
$ _num_ is not _num_ % .
so , i open the check and now there 's a $ _num_ discount .
all in all , not a great experience .
the place was clearly understaffed .
could n't get my servers attention for hot sauce or salsa to add flavor .
taco salad very dry .
spinach enchilada was tasteless .
very disappointing .
the food was good , the service is horrible .
long wait to be seated .
food is ok , but not really like authentic mexican .
tortilla wraps came out burned , second wrap was good .
this is the first time we have tried this restaurant .
the food was not bad but not super great .
the service was slow .
atmosphere was loud and crowded seats together .
was n't very clean .
not much food for the price .
the guacamole and salsa were good , otherwise do n't waste your time .
to add insult to injury they ignored us the rest of our stay .
the service was more than lacking .
the food was horrible with no flavor .
had to dine else where so my kids were not hungry .
if the kitchen is too hot then get out .
_num_ ) return visit ?
are you kidding never !
fries were cold & plain as well .
by the way , the bathrooms are gross !
this was the worst restaurant and worst customer service i have ever experienced .
there was no hostess in sight .
but never received an apology from her or the so called management .
what a waste of gas to get there .
beautiful scenic drive but will never visit this horrible place again .
the food was n't good either .
horrible experience .
awful awful service .
the worst service and food i have ever experienced !
this was terrible !
please ... that is a lie it is not .
they advertise the burger is _num_ % real beef .
it is not .
the food is not good .
the service is sooo bad .
you wait to be seated while staff walk by you avoiding eye contact .
not true .
the worst service ever !
give the food another _num_ minutes .
yet somehow we still felt like she was trying to hurry us .
service can be iffy depending on server and management is terrible .
worst dining experience we 've ever had .
the food was awful and the server was the worst .
do not bother with this place , highly disappointing .
oh and the outdoor bathrooms were also disgusting .
customer service horrible .
opened the boxes and only found one ketchup no ranch .
i said no i 'm sorry but you did not .
maybe she was just having a bad day ?
this wal-mart is not a good wal-mart .
people at this location are not very responsive to your needs .
this place is not very professional at all .
this walmart really needs more cashiers , especially at night .
i know i am not the only person that has done this .
why not do the local economy a favor and hire more ?
fry 's opens back up at 4pm as well .
employees fighting at yelling at each other .
you could tell she hates her job and feels like pulling her hair out .
she said they had a new policy that you ca n't take extra bags .
she said she would let me have these this time .
if i could give this store less i would .
its hard to be a worst walmart but this one is up there .
i 've been waiting for two hours to get an oil change .
it 's not even any fun to just look because nothing ever changes .
i just sat down and they called his name .
so i do n't know what to think .
dr. until they send you a bill _num_ months later .
i unfortunately need to do yearly blood work .
sometimes i wait longer than my appointment time , which stinks .
disgusting !
pizza was a few hours old .
i was there for _num_ minutes waiting for my order .
gross .
cheap , fast , good pizza just like any little caesars .
the staff is pretty unprofessional though .
the owner is so incredibly rude !
the food was bland , boring and overpriced .
my husband took one bite and that was all he could handle .
the food is bland and tasteless and over priced for what you get .
it may not have been over priced if it was good or even average .
there were _num_ waitresses ( the place only has _num_ tables . )
we were brought _num_ waters with lemon and _num_ bottles of beer .
it my be another _num_ years before we go back .
three shredded tacos were $ _num_ with no rice or beans .
disappointing .
margarita was the worst i ever had .
sent it back and told them i did n't want anything else .
i was so disappointed !
it was n't nearly as good as it used to be .
it was very small and no onion .
there was more lettuce on my plate than enchilada .
the manager discounted our meal by _num_ % so that was nice .
tried a beef taco for _num_ had two of them .
greasy , stingy and a bad cut of meat .
where 's the lettuce , white and yellow cheese .
our waitress was running her butt off .
ok , i can live with that , after all , it is aj .
the margarita was your basic amateur margarita .
please skip this place ... ... .
why were your employees dining where the guest eat ?
service was bad .
the margaritas are good for the prices , but the service is terrible .
tonight my chile rellenos were greasy and the egg batter was soggy .
the chips were so so but would be much better served warm .
drink order was slow , but we were patient .
it still had _num_ taste .
but we were hungry ... waited another _num_ min to see the waitress .
she disappeared for at least _num_ min .
_num_ more min .
_num_ min go by , no food .
our children are losing it bc we 've been there _num_ hours now .
another _num_ min , apparently they are `` packing up the food '' .
and trust me , they know it 's been a total disaster .
no taste of seasoning whatsoever .
the shrimp looked and tasted canned , and smelled foul .
too bad , not sure we 'll go back .
again , another review , another update .
this place is not ever consistent , ever .
so i had to whether experience be good or bad .
but owners needs to put this lady in charge .
drinks : i only had a margarita .
it was too weak and way too tangy .
additionally , they gave me my tortillas late and my fiance never got his .
place was over lit and quite tacky .
sat forever waiting for a server had to go get my own menus .
bad attitude !
so now we have been here over _num_ min with just got our drinks .
ca n't wait to see how long we wait for the food .
crappy service .
bus boy was better than the wait staff .
yup , that is the word i am using sucks !
this is our sunday routine no longer !
that is how bad this place is !
service is pitiful , i have never seen any form of management in there .
i do not recommend wasting your time with this place !
i will say the decor is absolutely beautiful but the food is garbage .
majority of the staff are teenagers who do n't really care about service .
this place has gone straight down aj 's throat !
they have the worse service and the waitress are so trashy !
sad to see this place turn such a corner .
probably been better to go someplace else .
not worth the money spent .
unless your car breaks down in the parking lot , i would n't recommend .
do not pay with a cc .
before we were approached with chips and salsa .
another _num_ min .
drinks came , no straws .
sat for another _num_ min .
our tea glasses became dry , no one came by to refill .
please do n't let this great establishment go to the dogs .
we are currently searching for a new favorite mexican food restaurant .
the food is sub par and the service is terrible .
i am officially bummed .
something was n't right .
same poor food and service .
they also serve cold beers .
not good .
slow service , mistakes on order , margaritas not that good .
it comes with bottled salsa again not freshly made as you would also expect .
the food is sub-par .
there were only _num_ of us and they still got the order wrong .
went there for lunch on monday .
waited to be seated and told the were out of chips .
food was lousy .
my enchiladas were bland , taco meat was `` not good '' .
will not be back .
taco bell was better .
do n't waste your money .
the service was terrible .
rushed .
worst mexican restaurant ever !
bad service , rude staff and terrible food !
service today was just horrible !
when we left there were _num_ other tables and another waitress .
no excuses for this today !
i 've been to this place three times .
here 's where it all falls apart .
the scrambled eggs were undercooked and cold .
horrible .
the french toast was completely amateur .
it 's like the french toast your _num_ year cousin would make .
i told him he should be offering to comp the un eaten meal .
so there it is , plain and true !
lo mien chicken was over cooked noodles with chewy chicken .
chicken fried rice was edible , minus the chewy chicken .
also ordered crab puffs , which were cold in the middle .
overall , very disappointed in food and service.
would not recommend and will not be returning .
service is poor and the food is so-so .
when i show up to get my food she acts distracted and disinterested .
the food is only so-so .
the portions are n't bad for the price .
this place has really gone downhill .
my husband and i have been so disappointed in the service and the food .
apparently if you want for , and pay extra for anything it 's bad .
horrible , the name change to new golden china .
_num_ other larger groups seat behind me .
waiting trying to flag my waiter while she runs around ignoring me .
finally get my meal while the other _num_ tables are about ready to leave .
but for $ _num_ soup & entree , you get what you pay for .
i do n't need to go back .
now we generally always get the orange chicken combos .
i am very very very disappointed in my service today .
food cold , rice cold , could n't eat it .
we had bug bites on us , cashier threw check at my daughter !
_num_ star was too good for this place .
honestly do n't even waste your time stopping here .
store # _num_ in apache junction .
well , i get the burrito and taco and head home .
wrong effing burrito !
meal ... ruined .
do n't go to this location unless you hate yourself .
i ordered _num_ spicy potato taco and gave my debit card to the clerk .
i do n't know what she did with it .
worst pizza hut i have ever been to .
over a $ _num_ he lost more customers to this lousy location !
horrible experience !
if i could give a `` zero star '' review i would .
the pizza we received was disgusting .
so gross .
the bread sticks were stale with no flavor .
worst $ _num_ i 've ever spent .
i would rather drive _num_ miles to another shop than give them anymore money .
they do n't keep promises with times of when they plan on showing up .
i finally tried this place out for the $ _num_ burger special .
this is easily the worst golf course i have ever played .
first of all , it 's a desert course .
second , the layout is dangerous , especially on the back nine .
this is bad business .
the food was worse than mediocre - truly poor in every aspect .
ick .
the food was nothing to brag about just plain bleh .
we live less than a mile away and refuse to eat here anymore .
if i give negative stars i would .
i 've ate here _num_ times now , mainly because i can walk here .
every time i 'm amazed how bad the food is .
gave this place another shot and just as horrible as the first time !
why has n't the health department shut them down !
actually , i would n't even give it a one star .
i am a hard worker and my time is precious .
have not ate yet .
food was ok , it 's affordable but the place definitely needs an update !
the waitress was very polite and kept apologizing .
the menu 's were old and dirty and very crusty .
it was gross .
the gravy was hard , chunky and old .
husband picked up dinner from here tonight .
i could n't believe my eyes when i opened the _num_ piece box .
the pieces were so small it looked like a quail .
they never put actual cherries in a cherry vanilla coke .
the do n't put cherries in any cherry drink , actually .
the sometimes mess up sizes .
it was still wrong .
never use cash here , unless you print it yourself .
stupid people work here !
ca n't tell the difference between fake money and real .
went back to sonic and spoke to management and he was clueless .
_num_ weeks later still no call .
i paid $ _num_ for an order that they got wrong !
do not come to this sonic unless you want drinks !
and even then , be prepared to wait for a long time .
we are visiting in the area and will try someplace else next time .
just spent about _num_ minutes waiting to have my order taken .
they took so long , the guy said we could have them free .
problem is , we had already paid .
there were n't very many people there .
after waiting over _num_ minutes , we left .
there is no excuse for consistently taking that long to serve you .
she was not working by the way just talking to another employee .
this situation was poorly handled .
this was so wrong .
apache junction is a sorry mess for a lot of things , but really ?
shame on you sonic !
and that is not a good thing .
$ _num_ for both including tax !
advised the manager but he just offered that they were `` short handed '' .
_num_ stars only because i was really hungry .
each time could have been much better .
this most recent was tonight .
however , brother got _num_ refills no second thought on pop .
it was n't just one server , she hardly came back .
but it came with coleslaw and no toast .
the carrots were very soupy and over cooked .
took my money , asked if i wanted a receipt , that was it .
my brother also stated the onion rings were very tasteless .
what i can say is it was a bit small for the price .
my mom and dad ordered the fish and i got the cobb salad .
the fork that they gave me had dried food on it .
really disgusting and quite gross .
the salads took over _num_ minutes to arrive .
will not go back for a while .
our drink glasses went empty .
with the very long wait i feel i am being generous with a _num_ .
the food was ok , and the service was less than satisfactory .
however , this last trip might have changed that for me .
not impressed by the aj location at all this trip .
complete waste of time .
no drink , no one checking on us ... nothing .
not even an offer to comp our drinks for the wait .
she did not offer me coffee or anything else .
also was given no compensation for my visit .
the windows are gross .
they turn off the pepsi machine so you ca n't get a refill .
very dirty very slow and bad customer service .
they should be embarrassed .
one was wrong .
as he walked back to the office .
the service was completely shitty , but the rooms were impeccably clean .
after tax the room was $ _num_ and change .
so to sum up , clean , pretty inexpensive , shitty staff .
it could be worse .
if i could give this rat hole no star i would ... .
i stayed here for over a week and there was no room service .
okay , i was n't too crazy about this place .
well , there was to be no heat whatsoever .
however , most of them are affordable at only $ _num_ each .
twelve bucks down the drain .
for _num_ kids meals with drinks and two adults came to $ _num_ .
place was dead today -- i 'm guessing this is n't the tourist season .
it really was tacky ... we left thinking really ?
that was a little cute , but a really short act .
the mine tour was over priced and horribly boring and a waste of time .
this place is horribly boring for anyone any age .
instead the people were sad and the place was sad .
do not go here unless you want to be bored out of your mind .
do not waste your money time or energy coming here .
okay , if you must , do n't do any of the tours .
_num_ ) the train was cute but was not educational at all .
_num_ ) the mine tour was not fun at all .
the tour guide was terrible and an idiot .
not worth time , money or energy .
i did n't get that feeling at all .
a tourist trap that will `` nickel and dime '' you to death .
it does n't take long to walk the grounds .
horrible experience here .
the bathroom in the restaurant was awful !
biggest waste of time .
every experience has been the same , painfully terrible .
sit back , grab a cup of coffee and read on .
the people ( tourists ) are friendly , the staff is not .
all this while i still had not received our drinks .
come on , the bar was not even close to busy .
always , looks and acts half asleep .
this is a total tourist trap sitting on top of an old gold mine .
after the train ride , we went to the saloon for lunch .
have to say , i 'd recommend eating elsewhere or bringing picnic lunch .
it was ok food , but overpriced .
do n't look to closely at the decorations on the wall , very dusty .
this burger king is rude .
going through the drive-thru has n't been the best .
your waiting and waiting , watching car after car .
the whole two lane thing is n't working here .
i wo n't be back .
can i give this place no stars for no service !
pull into drive through and it 's extremely slow as usual .
do they think i 'm sitting here for my health ?
every time i go here it 's something stupid like this .
this place needs a manager with a brain .
rude !
the guy behind the counter was nothing but rude .
lame !
i was so irritated i walked out .
i do n't even think this place deserves _num_ star .
they obviously did not want our service .
i would not recommend them to anyone !
yelp kinda let me down on this one .
i was not impressed with this place .
the service was n't that bad but could have been much much better .
it was really greasy and not all that satisfying .
_num_ stars ?
no way , jose .
the wait was ridiculous !
we were very disappointed several times and will not go back .
service is okay but the food was awful .
however , the food ( besides the cod ) is not very good .
bland salsa : ( at least the beer is cheap .
ate at the dirt water last night .
disappointed to say the least !
the food was terrible , the water tasted like the name of the restaurant .
highly not recommended .
ate early to avoid waiting .
serve was still slow and the food was not the best .
they were under cooked , limp , and cold .
i wo n't be back .
our waitress did n't seem to know the menu .
a pure rip off if you ask me .
$ _num_ .
the service we had was friendly but loud .
not that that is a step up but at least it was better service .
if you want loud , ask for lindsay she will be sure to please !
the food is just not good .
i do not recommend .
always busy , but i 'm not sure why .
he did n't seem to help the waitstaff at all .
not so much .
we will be removing this place from our list of places to eat .
bad idea .
food was not good .
salsa is tomato sauce .
not good for liver .
skip this place .
the gravy is out of a bottle .
everything but our waitress and one entre was terrible at this place !
he was very condescending and rude .
the only entre that was good was the hamburger our 4th person ordered .
after all was said and done they did not adjust our bill .
overpriced gross food and a rude owner !
huge , old and bland .
we waited _num_ minutes for a table - ok .
but then it was another _num_ minutes to get our food after we ordered .
it 's only scrambled eggs and potatoes !
i guess that 's why they 're so affordable .
next time , we 'll stick with the farm .
we were very disappointed .
presentation of food was very bad n food was cold .
the food was so very bland .
i do n't know how one gets breakfast to have no taste .
tired .
this is the worst place ever .
thank god it closed cause in the past _num_ years it got bad .
after wayne passed it became awful .
breakfast plates hardly gave you potatoes and the prices kept climbing .
spend _num_ and , my rewards points gave me $ _num_ back .
are all stores not on the same page ?
order totally wrong .
not going back .
went here march _num_ , _num_ .
the club is kinda small .
_num_ stage .
he was so drunk that he did n't even realize he was being screwed .
luckily i had his wallet though .
this place is very poorly ran .
honestly , this club sucks .
very laid back hole in the wall club with a good bar .
the customer base out in apache junction is very white trashy .
gross .
only one of the five items i purchased was edible .
worst gun shop i 've ever been in !
anyway , today was the last straw .
prices on ammo suck .
just my _num_ cents .
i 'd rather have root canal work done then return there .
it was obvious that my business was n't appreciated so i walked out .
this is the 3rd time i 've experienced rude people from that shop .
very frustrating to hear nurses talking about their meals when there are people waiting .
i came after a suggestion from walgreens that it was cheaper and easier there .
this was not true .
but this location is terrible about keeping appointment times !
this is ridiculous !
still trying to get the lost prescription today after _num_ phone calls .
they could do much better !
all the dogs in the cages looked sad .
and the groomer made negative comments about my previous groomers cut .
my guy had sections all over him that were left longer than the rest .
and then she charged me more than quoted .
they may have been nice _num_ months ago but they sure are n't now !
most of us do n't even spend that much on our own hair styles .
this place will save you money by not getting the work done here .
checked fluid it was low added some and got the truck home .
charge $ _num_ or more to fix a $ _num_ part .
so anyone i know with a trans .
problem i tell them to stay away from trail trans .
mary offered incredibly poor customer service .
i am not an expert , which is the reason for my call .
the technical questions and attitude provided was unnecessary , and not to mention rude .
i did n't feel `` italian '' anything from this restaurant setting or menu .
do n't come here for pizza .
i was wrong .
i ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza .
would not recommend .
would rate it a zero .
horrible overall .
it probably was to confusing for the cashier .
monday - friday 11am to 3pm .
only open _num_ hours in the summer .
waste of my time .
chips and salsa was not edible .
no other way to describe it .
as a truck driver delivering to this facility it is absolutely a miserable experience .
they are rude and disrespectful to their customers as well .
an employee was smoking outside the door as i entered .
not coming here again .
they do not communicate with their customers .
the branch manager is a very unpleasant person .
the last straw was after a lot of frustration regarding a delivery .
i tried to improve the situation , but their customer service is horrible .
for chain style restaraunt they should have had it down .
i was disappointed with the service i got at this cracker barrel .
while it was quick , it was n't all that friendly .
the biscuits were cold , and they did n't taste fresh .
i dunno .
big mistake .
the eggs were cold .
not warm , but cold .
several employees standing around talking loudly , all while we waited for _num_ min .
almost walked out !
the fish fry was so overcooked it was almost inedible .
other experiences with the fish fry were not much better .
maybe if you add corn or just start using jiffy mix they would improve .
my oven fried chicken was pretty good - ill give them that .
my mac and cheese side would have been better if it was hot .
no one eats raw potato .
we will never go there again !
is no stars an option ?
oh the poor residents of casa grande that have to put up with this .
first time coming here from visiting family and i was not impressed .
the green beans tasted like they were out of a can .
nothing about my meal seemed fresh .
service is pretty lacking at this cracker barrel .
my french toast comes out with no syrup and no apples .
then , the gross happened .
service was just awful !
she did n't come back again even though there was one other table occupied .
had breakfast and was very disappointed .
this has to be the worst experience ever at cracker barrel .
our food all arrived separately , and our orders were so wrong !
will skip this stop next time !
worst cracker barrel in arizona .
have eaten there several times , last night the food was disappointing .
the wait staff is n't exceptional , but , try to keep up .
but this was utterly abysmal .
the following day , today , i have even had a bad stomach .
very slow !
had _num_ small bowls of chips while waiting for food .
took at least _num_ minutes to get food .
when asked for more was told that they would charge .
he did n't speak english to explain in detail .
there was minimal customer service .
however , the service is slow .
sadly , the service has slipped .
not enough help to wait on the customers .
slow to get drink refills , did n't offer to bring more chips .
the place was a huge disappointment on our visit this week .
we are not likely to return .
a negative one , and _num_ . )
`` no , these are disgusting , '' i said , and walked out .
i wo n't be back .
i would n't recommend their service department to anyone .
henry brown will never see any business from me again .
dean is a little kid with braces trying to do a big boy job .
his demeanor is terrible , as well as the way he talks to people .
whoever gave him that position made a terrible business decision .
do yourself a favor and do not waste your time here .
you can find a better deal elsewhere with better people to help you .
i would .
this place is terrible .
everyone is rude .
they play games like no dealership i have ever walked into .
we walked in to see what we could get for a trade in .
to say the least we were very angry .
a few hours of waiting later i got may car back .
by about 11:00 i had not received a call back .
the park has full hook ups and cable tv .
the weather in february ca n't be beat .
the server rushed us out as if our business was not important .
we give you _num_ % off . ''
i wonder how many bugs we ate .
_num_ % ?
you do n't know if you should laugh or cry .
those big portions in the reviews may not be chicken !
absolutely gross ?
i think it is highly overrated .
the driver apparently went to the wrong sheraton .
i 'm wondering if we went to the wrong resturant !
i 'm seriously wondering if they put the wrong food in the container .
the same thing goes for the general chicken .
i probably will not be back .
most casa grande restaurants need a good cleaning .
besides that , they are rude and do a sloppy job .
also they talk in their own language which is very uncomfortable .
went in for a pedicure today was treated very rudely .
unless you want a headache do n't come to casa grande nails !
she says she will never go back .
we got to our room and no ac was on .
our room has wallpaper peeling everywhere .
would not stay again .
it was an ok stay .
stayed at several hotels in the casa grande before .
probably wo n't stay here again unless it 's a last resort .
food was great , but we had a bad waitress , very unpleasant .
pretty lame , even for casa grande .
the beer selection is very basic .
food was overcooked .
food was bad .
that was completely obnoxious .
maybe the cleaning staff ordered the movie ?
they sure did n't do much else while they were in the room .
not so good .
i personally do n't like their breakfast buffet .
their buffet is more like a sit down restaurant .
top three complaints , _num_ ) room smelt like mold .
_num_ ) the dryer does n't dry clothes .
the list if issues here are long and it 's not worth it .
housekeeping needs to do a better job .
there is so much mold around the window it was disgusting !
if you like pep boys do n't go to this one .
my car and this point had only been worked on at the dealer .
i went in and payed my bill $ _num_ .
i waited _num_ hours in there waiting room .
not to mention horrible customer service .
the person that helped me was entirely too interested in my car .
my $ _num_ quoted oil change ended up being over $ _num_ !
should n't the computer tell him this ?
my car went up on the lift and sat .
no employees were even in sight .
wrong !
no worries , spare on .
_num_ minutes later flat .
ok flat bed tow .
_num_ miles away , casa grande pep boys .
take my damn money , i need to get one tire to get home .
new tires are flat .
one was totally flat , by tuesday all were .
chose the cactus , it will hurt less .
on a crappy dirt filled lot with trash everywhere .
there are homeless everywhere asking for change or sitting in the corner .
the store is old small and disgusting inside .
the employees are slow and do n't care .
i 'm talking _num_ to _num_ min this is the rule not the exception .
most horrible service ever !
not just a _num_ time thing .
people are rude .
horrible service .
the floor manager does n't even bother helping she just stands back and watches .
wrong !
the wait staff do n't have a clue on how the food is prepared .
it 's a crap shoot .
she was impatient with taking our order .
now the crown is broken and i declined free replacement .
if you have ever had fresh sushi please do n't bother !
everything here just seemed so very dry to me .
the sushi was dry and seemed old .
texture , flavor & all around consistency was terrible .
would not take it back .
terrible `` customer service !
the atmosphere is low key .
over the last year the food has gone from above average to below average .
i wo n't be going back .
horrible pet care .
sorry i changed vets to here .
one of the worst i been to .
not like the garbage this clinic dishes out .
it 's not just about money !
he was a bad pet owner so they were better off with me .
im sure you can see why he needed to leave .
but i dont know were he lives only his post office address .
she said , `` no , but my daughter is looking for something . ''
poor customer service .
i second the rude customer service .
she just could n't be bothered with a customer .
most horrible customer service .
everyone else was horrible .
he just seemed annoyed that i even made any comments to him .
if u want a good pizza , do n't order delivery from this place !
did n't receive a call until the next day .
summary : not worst place but disappointing .
- vacuuming was not effective .
they are probably vacuuming but it is n't picking anything up .
so i do n't think it is our stuff .
* this was the worst experience i 've ever had at a best western .
i would never wish this experience upon no one !
do not stay here .
i ca n't get up , i ca n't call .
stay here only if sleeping on the street is your only option .
should have stayed in the car .
rude manager .
manager refused to move rooms .
then repeated bye , bye , bye .
this is the worst hotel i 've ever stayed in .
the room smelled of a mixture of pee and smoke ( non-smoking rooms ?
they were not willing to give me my money back .
never stay here unless you 're desperate and have extremely low standards .
the manager is not helpful and is very arrogant .
dirty dirty dirty !
gross !
wo n't stay there again !
gross period .
will not be back .
room was free with points but even then this place is flat out nasty .
beware : do not stay here !
there were _num_ bugs in my room !
do not go they have bed bugs .
i can not believe that best western would allow this unprofessional represent their brand .
this is the worst night of sleep ever .
the water did n't get quite hot enough .
for those who need to know there are no elevators .
i have not ate here since they took out the grilled stuffed nacho .
skip this place .
_num_ weeks ago i was in tucson and got a way nicer blizzard !
the hot food at this place is disgusting .
i added a picture of a nasty hotdog i got there .
nothing special .
understaffed , rude employees , dirty tables and dirty work space .
they are so rude and awful .
i have never been treated so poorly in my life .
it goes beyond bad customer service here .
the food was only average .
was beyond condescending and arrogant .
i was n't not impressed with my last visit to this denny 's .
very very rude !
ok , no more denny 's for us !
your pancakes are cold , etc .
well it is a denny 's so i should n't be to critical .
however , the place was dirty .
however , in this tourist area it was a surprise .
this does not even deserve a star .
the denny 's in casa grande is very horrible .
when he 's not there , there customer service is super crappy .
how rude .
very dirty food all over the menu .
service very slow took forever to get food .
i could not get my point across and felt horribly disrespected as a parent .
often the little hole in the wall restaurants have some of the best food .
that is not the case here .
the tamales were nothing special and they too smelled funny .
i 'm sure there is better mexican food to be found in casa grande .
that does n't smell funny .
i asked for pico de gallo , but they did n't have it .
my husband got a regular chicken burrito .
everything was bland , bland , bland !
the chicken was tasteless , the tortilla was soggy .
i 've eaten better hospital food .
the burrito itself was just ok .
they are rude and the food is mediocre at best .
went there last night , spent $ _num_ on meal .
get the box home and there is soggy lettuce on everything .
horrible customer service .
i do not recommend this restaurant and will never spend my money there again .
rotten hair cut .
there was no conversation during the haircut .
very nice guy but i did n't exactly get what i asked for .
i ended up having him take the whole thing down to skin .
wo n't be back .
just no .
the special sauce was watered down .
my pop tasted like it came from a dirty dispenser .
so gross .
so tacky .
over the last _num_ years it has gone below average .
as far as there pizza goes i have had better pizza .
as far as there pizza it ai n't what it used to be .
casa grande does n't have many choices .
when i first past by this place i thought - eh what the hell .
i dunno , never been back never plan to .
this is a bar , not a family restaurant by any means .
tire lube center slow , disrespectful and unprofessional .
hour and half wait time for oil change and tire rotation .
never again will i use walmart tire lube express services .
your loss walmart .
however , security was super nice .
only gave _num_ star because they do n't have anything lower .
this facility is by far the absolute worst family practice ever !
i would avoid this place at all costs .
ridiculous !
they are absolutely ridiculous there and incompetent with doing there job !
we unfortunately were patients there far too long !
( no longer ! )
avoid !
then , i 'm notified that my doctor is running _num_ minutes late .
after this , it only gets worse .
however , they kept asking for more , each time they failed to perform .
by that point i did n't care , i just wanted to leave .
so about _num_ hours after my appointment time i am finally able to leave .
yeah , right ... not so much .
an e-mail sent through the website was ignored .
save yourself time , frustration and money .
one of the worst medical experiences in my life .
no appointments , over two week wait time .
i was n't impressed by the food here , had much better .
the food was not bad at all , just not that great .
chips and salsa to start ... i 've honestly had better salsa from target .
the taco is where this rating went from an edible _num_ to a _num_ .
every taco my irish mother has ever made was better than this one .
when you order a chicken burrito , thats really all you get .
it 's a rolled up tortilla with subpar chicken in it .
where 's the sour cream ?
if you like bare bones and bland food ... go for it .
at least it 'll be cheap .
beans are delish , tho .
the food is really not good .
do n't bother .
so sorry we did n't have this instead !
yesterday , i went with my family and it was a big disappointment .
chips no salsa .
the cheese crisp came cold .
very disappointed .
also , you can not discount the friendly , warm and welcoming atmosphere .
there is nothing exotic on their menu .
if you want sour cream , you must order and pay for it .
the shredded beef had no flavor .
if you consider taco bell mexican , this is the place for you .
so not the best .
i ordered the plate with the _num_ tacos , and either rice or beans .
when i received my food , the meat in my tacos was burnt .
he was too busy with another table that was celebrating someone 's birthday .
it took forever for us to get refills of our drinks .
the salsa tasted like tomato paste with pepper .
the rude woman in drive thru said we 're not serving lunch right now .
i left this dump .
what a lousy way to start the day .
wo n't waste another dime in this dump !
i mean wasnt a hard request but yet still managed to mess it up .
probably the worst filiberto 's in the chain .
the salsa is basically water , ketchup and chili powder .
far too many good mexican places in this town to bother with this dump .
i 've visited many of them in phoenix , tucson , and casa grande .
my problem with this one is the price .
almost $ _num_ for the carne asada plate which included two small tacos .
rude and can not get an order right to save their life .
the food is not good enough to put up with the shit service .
no guacamole means no guacamole .
their guacamole is like runny baby shit .
inept with poor customer service .
the measurements appeared wrong to me , so i called to question them .
alma took my message and promised to call me back .
after three more days with no word , i called again .
i was simply amazed .
there is no snack bar .
what we found was not a snack bar , but a bar .
fail , francisco grande .
the walls are thin - i could hear my neighbor on the phone .
course feels and looks terrible .
service is poor and food quality is bad .
so the bar is cheap .
and not just in a good way .
it just smelled horrible and the color was wrong .
alot more than was delivered here .
the pizza was typical pizza chain fair .
if i could give no stars , i would .
do not eat here .
one of the worst if not the worst dining experience of my life .
good pizza , bad service !
i was thrilled to see a sit down pizza hut in casa grande .
every time we eat here we are greeted by consistant rude and unprofessional service .
the staff is rude and treat the customers like an inconvenience .
_num_ hour delivery times ?
there was no soap in either the men 's or women 's restrooms .
talk about leaving a bad taste in your mouth !
i call this pizza butt .
worst service ever !
it 's like they hate their lives .
i have to say this was a prime example of terrible pizza .
sorry folks , but this place needs a major renovation .
the food is not very good and the wait staff is kinda rude .
my wife 's quesadilla was drenched in oil ... .
the waitress never refilled our drinks even after we asked and she never smiled .
however , i was a little disappointed .
i ordered a chicken salad and the chicken was dry .
only good thing about this place is the cookies considering the name .
menu never changes though .
can get boring .
the food was n't bad or good .
i went during the week at lunch with my son to have the buffet .
unless this place is deep cleaned it should be shut down .
my husband and i ate here today for the first time .
i can honestly say this is the worst one we 've ever been to .
i ca n't understand the good reviews at all .
place was dirty , used dishes everywhere .
my husband used the mens room right before leaving and said it was deplorable .
this place is disgusting !
the service was horrible .
this was the worst mexican food i have ever eaten .
some of the food was tasteless , old and dry .
got tiny tiny bowl of chips , no salsa .
no refills of the tea were ever offered .
very disappointed .
was essentially reheated shredded chicken cooked with a few onions .
also disappointing .
we will not be back .
and to make things worse no forks or napkins in the bag .
i had to wait in line for _num_ more min just to get them .
excuse me ?
this had to be the worst del taco i have ever been in .
it was disgusting !
it was clear that this was a problem from the bottom to the top .
he ordered his usual chicken burrito and could n't even finish it .
bad , bad , bad stay away !
there is no real concern or care .
i am very disappointed .
as if i would consider going back at that point .
staff was rude , doctor was horribly rude and poorly informed .
lost my business !
screw it , why not check this place out !
the carpet had like , palm trees .
unfortunately , they did n't have either movie i wanted .
if i could give this place a _num_ i would .
she continued to put it in the machine _num_ more times .
this person tried cleaning it again a few more times .
the worst experience ever !
no sorry and no explanation as to why he 's late .
horrible customer service !
the food is downright bad .
my husband loves steak and gets sick if this restaurant is mentioned .
how do you mess up a sweet potatoe ?
this particular location is just horrible though .
lol ) pretty disgusting .
if you 're going to go to outback , avoid this location .
there are _num_ that are n't that far from this one .
i went their recently however and pretty much everything was bad .
dress it up a little .
put something else on there beside the steak and potato .
it looked a little pathetic .
it was cooked just the way i want it but it was tough .
it was very disappointing .
me too .
unfortunately , i do n't have to worry about that here .
it looked like a chicken caesar .
garlic mashed potatoes sucked .
someone with cilantro but are at a loss with any other spice .
suppose to have lettuce , tomato , onion , pickle and mustard .
called outback and manager gave a comp for a burger .
what sucks is i been sick for _num_ days and have n't eaten anything .
my wife was shopping nearby so i thought it would be convenient .
i am so done with outback steakhouse .
never offered to fix me something else but did offer dessert ... .
so angry !
sadly , chandler blows .
i am so angry and i want my $ _num_ back .
so i ordered and it said online it would be ready in _num_ min .
nothing ... for _num_ minutes .
i am still pissed at her .
my husband 's med rare steak is med well and also cold .
i 'm starving , ripped off , and angry .
and i still want my $ _num_ back .
we 're not all rich .
horrible service , took _num_ min just to get an iced tea .
food did not impress me .
the waiter was rude & the table was dirty .
i would not recommend this location .
ok , time to drive there & get gas on the way .
not so brilliant hostess says your wait time was cut in half !
i have never in all my visits experienced cold bread at outback .
anyway we ordered the blooming onion that my wife had been craving .
this was the worst onion i had ever had .
it actually gave me an upset stomach for several hours after .
it is typical chain food .
so slow .
no wonder the guys were laughing .
my experience lasted about _num_ minutes .
paid for my food and again it was cold .
dont sit and wait for your food .
but last night we decided to go in for dinner and drinks .
no one even looked at us .
walked out and went to longhorn across the street .
only takes one bad server .
blooming onion was burnt .
alice springs chicken was rubbery .
pasta with shrimp was so dry .
the only item that was actually good was the french onion soup .
wo n't be coming back .
the rib-eye was very tough , as were the kids steak bites .
i was disappointed , but i must admit .
started off bad .
they are advertising free upgrades on the size of the outback sirloin .
server knew nothing about it .
jen 's steak was over cooked .
$ _num_ was our total .
i strongly advise being careful to all who are currently renting .
worst apartments i 've ever lived in .
and in this matter they simply refused to fix it .
very ridiculous when it comes to creating and charging residents fees .
this is really ridiculous and poor management to be honest .
on the surface , that 's exactly what we thought we were getting .
nope , never happened .
this place has really gone downhill fast .
they used to be called _num_ cleaners .
and at that price , i was n't picky at all .
so my review is , do n't waste your money at legend cleaners .
the free bottle of _num_ cent water does not make the difference .
this cleaners has become an over priced poorly managed cleaners .
their laundry is _num_ % cheaper and _num_ % better !
i wo n't be back .
i tried their pizza on different occasions , different toppings but ... .
i just do n't like it .
it 's tasteless and somewhat expensive .
the place was empty when we went on a saturday afternoon for lunch .
we ordered a garden salad to share amongst our table and a specialty pizza .
overall , i was underwhelmed .
our server seemed pretty miserable to be there and had a really flat voice .
she was not so pleasant .
the bf , however , really did n't like it .
here is the real reason for the bad review .
the sandwiches just were n't good .
i got the chicken panini and the bf got the meatball parm .
the meatball parm was really bad .
my sandwich was ridiculous .
it was giant and looked like a giant salad on bread .
i love garlic , but this was too much .
it was almost bitter in my mouth .
some reviews on another sites warned us about bad service .
going in , expecting bad service , i was still amazed .
we actually received no service .
we showed up with our _num_ month old daughter .
we sat there for _num_ minutes before we asked for service .
_num_ minutes later , the server came out with water .
who said that the pizza was bland .
ultimately , i do n't think that it is worth the effort .
i 'm updating my review from last year because the service is terrible .
last night it was especially bad .
i was seated initially by myself as i was waiting for my date .
we spent about $ _num_ on pizza and a glass of wine .
will lose business over this even though the food is great .
we ate here for the first time this evening !
the pizza had ok flavor but the crust was absolutely paper thin and horrible .
we could n't even lift the pizza with our hands to eat it .
if you like real crust ( thicker than paper ) do not eat here !
the service was terrible and the place was packed .
by the time i got home , the pizzas were cold .
not sure if i 'll try this place again .
i am really disappointed with this restaurant .
it was _num_ degrees that day .
worst , worst , worst absolutely worst service .
our order would of literally of been $ _num_ , oh well .
we fed our party of _num_ elsewhere .
the employees are rude and not at all helpful .
there were no customers in there except me .
the thing is , it ai n't all that great .
two words : soggy pizza .
i was not impressed with this pizza , but have not tried other offerings .
it 's weird when a place has perfect pizza but terrible service .
this is not pizza !
the crust is hard and flavorless .
the cheese is flavorless and the sauce is something else .
i have nothing good to say about this place .
there is much much better out there .
i was asked to never set foot on the premises again .
either we ca n't make what you want or you do not like it .
hell , my students make better food than nypd !
there was probably another three small parties dining while we were there .
we were politely greeted and seated timely and our server daniel was nice .
we ordered a large mushroom pizza with vegan cheese and a second to-go .
a large pizza with _num_ chopped up mushroom on the pizza .
so nypd you just lost a return customer .
alas , that has not been the case .
food was great but service was terrible !
especially for as slow as the restaurant was on a sunday evening .
i did n't even want to give one star .
nypd use to be my favorite place to get pizza , not anymore .
i felt so bad !
wo n't go back ever again .
so if it 's not what you like well too bad .
i did n't even get to tell them how much pizza i wanted .
poor management is what this sounds like to me .
that place is nothing out of the ordinary .
the service is really going downhill at lunch .
_num_ out of _num_ of our orders were wrong .
guess its time for a new weekly lunch spot .
we were terribly disappointed .
my _num_ year old had the kids meal which included an ice cream scoop .
no apologies , i will not return .
there are many more places out there with better pizza .
you served raw dough pizza .
but thats pathetic serving raw pizza .
drinks took _num_ minutes to come to the table .
i ordered a salad and then asked for some dressing , which never came .
not much service checking throughout the meal , we got our own drink refills .
i will still come back , but this was a long , frustrating experience .
i emailed nypd , with no response from them .
this location , however , has horrible service .
tonight was definitely the last i 'll ever order here .
no offer to do anything but make me one .
truly disappointing .
received two containers of ranch dressing that were less than 1/4 full .
the pizza was soggy and the wings were terrible .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
just lost a customer .
the manager said they would discount the order and send me a gift certificate .
although the food here is good the delivery service is horrible .
they get our order wrong _num_ times out of _num_ .
very disappointed ... ... .
and , i have only been in az for two years .
when i say i am serious about my pizza ... believe me .
but , mcdowell is by work , and i live in ahwatukee .
i wo n't be back .
it was empty !
not sure , but i wo n't be back ... .
and these prices are too high for so-so pizza .
there were five employees behind the counter , all facing the kitchen line .
no one could be bothered to look towards the entrance to maybe greet customers .
i have him my name and paid for my food .
it seemed like there was zero leadership working .
after _num_ minutes , my food was given to me .
what i can not understand is the complete and utter lack of customer service .
nightmare to try and get it .
this nypd location is where customer service goes to die .
skip it , you 'll thank me .
no flavor on the crust whatsoever and the tomato paste .
this place reminds of wong 's palace in tempe but not as good .
for some reason , the food just does n't hit the spot .
all of the noodles just stuck to each other .
i was sad because this place is _num_ seconds from the house .
we tried red dragon on the recommendation of friends ... quite disappointed .
and why was the fried rice orange , not brown ?
i stopped calling after they screwed up my 3rd delivery order .
the folks at my work would order this food quite often .
this does n't say much considering my coworkers love for strange underwhelming establishments .
the food was not good at all !
the crab rangoons were soft and stale just like the chicken .
and our vegetable chow mein was a bowl of soupy vegetables .
and handed me my receipt .
glad i got to see it because i will not be back .
it has gone way downhill .
their ingredients are very poor quality .
the moo shu tasted very sour .
however the truth is this place is just going with sub par food .
got the fountain drink and it was flat as a tortilla .
except , of course , there were n't any .
you can see into the kitchen and it looked very messy and unclean .
worst customer service ever !
too bad i wo n't ever go back because of the service .
sweet and sour chicken was overcooked and crunchy ... yuck .
rice was under cooked and dry as hell .
and their rangoons had barely anything in them .
way to rip off the hard working people who enjoy chinese cuisine .
disgusting .
ordered online last night and was very disappointed .
we got packets of hot mustard and no chili oil .
i believe people 's posts here that say they got sick .
i probably spent like $ _num_ dollars there over the last _num_ years .
the sauces were watery and tasteless .
the only good thing out of that order was steamed rice honestly .
i said no , i want a full refund for the whole order .
for starters , it 's the least you can do .
so just out of principle , i think the whole order should be refunded .
additionally , my roommate is now unable to eat his leftovers because ... duh .
why would he want to continue eating his food from the same restaurant ?
so yes , i want a full refund .
twice i had to explain the concept of leftovers to her .
she also asked me if i took the food outside .
why yes , of course i did .
she then told me she could n't do anything until a manager was there .
that a manager might not even show up today .
i would n't have made any of this public over the bug itself .
the problem with this place is that it seems to not have a manager .
my girlfriend almost had a heart attack when she saw that .
i attempted to discover where it was coming from , to no avail .
this was very careless on on the shops part .
terrible .
it did n't smoke in all the years i had done my oil changing .
so i 'm going to start going somewhere else now .
if your looking for all around i would suggest to look at someone else .
i had a craving for pasta so i stopped by .
i was greatly disappointed !
maybe their pizza is better , but i wont go back .
i had the stromboli and it was burnt all the way through .
i 've tried food from here three more times , it keeps getting worse .
most of the food tastes like reheated frozen food .
actually , i 've had better frozen italian from the grocery store .
big portions of ill tasting food , and not cheap either .
too many tomatoes piled on a soaked crust and box .
huge mess !
awful , horrible experience !
very expensive , not including the professional carpet cleaning i had to pay for .
ok pizza , rude staff .
not a fan and wo n't return !
this is not a winner .
service is extremely slow .
mediocre at best .
there are much better pizzas and italian restaurants out there .
we do not recommend .
slow to get any service and even slower to get our food .
we were rarely checked on and honestly did not feel welcome .
after almost an hour , we finally received a cheese pizza and baked pasta .
we received a $ _num_ no show appointment fee .
no problems , come back in _num_ years .
she immediately asked why did n't you come to us .
he prescribed a drug for me to try .
i said no , she said $ _num_ dollars .
hmm , i do n't think most of us could afford that every month .
they said that he had n't responded to _num_ fax request .
what a horrible display of bedside manner .
gross .
the meat here is very inconsistent .
the restaurant should be avoided .
to make things worse , he decided to open up a restaurant .
unfortunately the management has changed hands .
$ _num_ for a pedi .
they were busy ... too busy for my taste .
not a relaxing environment at all .
my pedi ... eh .
this place gets loud when its busy .
the pedicure was n't bad , but it was n't good either .
the sign on their window states `` $ _num_ pedicure '' .
seriously , what is that ?
this place is gross .
i left there feeling gross and unclean .
number one rule of salons , sanitation !
so i went back to have it fixed .
the girl did a really sloppy job .
polish is too thick .
my polish is already peeling up and it 's only been a week .
worst place to get your nails done !
they are rude !
do n't waist your time or money going here !
they are just plain dirty .
the mirrors are covered with dust and are nasty .
god only knows how clean their pedicure bowls and mani/pedi equipment are .
this place is super crammed too .
they will take your debit card .
they are just plain dirty .
the mirrors are covered with dust and are nasty .
god only knows how clean their pedicure bowls and mani/pedi equipment are .
this place is super crammed too .
they will take your debit card .
rude and filthy !
did they rub it off the skin ?
extremely rude to me during the process as well !
got the worst manicure i 've ever gotten in my whole life here today .
the design looks like a _num_ year old did it .
also , it did n't seem sanitary .
will not be going back .
i will not be taking my mother there again .
this place has been going downhill for several years .
gross !
this place is horrible .
my nails look a mess and it was just horrible here .
offered no apologies .
i would not choose this place if you are on the fence .
which by the way was cluttered , not the cleanest and crowded .
i got an older lady and she started taking my polish off .
if i could give _num_ stars i would .
just a horrible place and i will not go back .
and , yes it is dirty and dingy .
good thing i didnt have an event tonight and had to wear heels .
horrible service !
i found it horribly rude .
it is not that complicated .
i was unfortunately very disappointed .
they tried to get me in and out in _num_ minutes , like really ?
they tried to just and file my nails and not cut them .
basically i would never come back and would not recommend anyone to go here .
when i stated a pedicure i was told they did n't have any appointments .
there hours on the door state they are open till 7pm .
been coming here for years .
service has gotten worse and worse .
the line was very long and i was on a quick break from work .
at that point , there were _num_ persons in line !
_num_ tellers only , on a friday !
i hope they know how to respect their customers .
do not go to this branch .
what a shame !
i love jack in the box but i hate this location !
i was angry and walked out !
_num_ minutes to get _num_ breakfast sandwiches .
worst experience in a fast food place ever .
staff was rude , food was ice cold .
i saw at least _num_ people walk out without any food at all .
cashier could not even figure out how to give someone a receipt .
horrible drive thru service around noon today !
rick w is correct ; dr .
however , his office staff was very unprofessional , if not unethical .
to make a long story short , it turned out that dr .
dr fish is an ok oral surgeon .
however , his financial practices are shady .
his office person said , oh , insurance co 's dont like to pay .
this place is horrible !
if your not rich then your treated less !
i do not recommend !
ridiculous !
avoid this place !
their registers are horribly understaffed while employees just stand around and laugh .
they only have _num_ registers open with a bunch of employees standing around .
annoying !
_num_ minutes .
the staffing and management situation here is absolutely ridiculous .
she opened the register after about _num_ minutes of writing something down .
this store is managed extremely poorly .
location is alright cuz it 's near ultra .
product selection is alright too .
i 'm thinking they need a couple more cashiers on the weekend .
a week before christmas and they have _num_ cashier working ?
this location is consistently under staffed and looks like a bomb went off .
and walked off .
i feel like the employees just stand around and do n't do anything .
still one star due to inefficient staff and long wait times .
they clearly do n't care about customers .
still one star due to inefficient staff and long wait times .
they clearly do n't care about customers .
also they were out of large bags so i had to carry everything .
the selections however were horrible .
not feeling the love for ross , time to shop elsewhere .
rude customer service and always dirty .
took me three employees to get them adjusted properly .
they stick out of the frame , nearly into my eyebrow .
what a waste of time .
she never went to the list .
they provide you with a lens case , where you select 4-5 frames .
insurance plan only covers the cheap lenses .
they push for a $ _num_ service fee that is unnecessary in my opinion .
be prepared to walk away .
tall blond woman going out of her way to be unhelpful .
poor customer service .
not friendly .
the guy was helpful , but not the tall girl .
i do n't have the time for all of these trips .
i 've done business with batteries plus for years .
i said oh , then it really is n't holding any juice .
the whole time he is short and rude with me .
i politely said thank you and i would be i .
they tried saying that it was ultimately my fault the battery failed .
i will no longer use batteries plus for anything .
absolutely horrible people to deal with .
first regional would not be my first choice for emergency or regular animal care .
oh god so expensive , why did i let you live ? )
turned out i could have bought it at petsmart for considerably less money .
we will not be going back .
we brought our _num_ mo old puppy here for a hurt leg .
would not recommend this place .
we sat in that room waiting _num_ minutes !
no `` sorry for the wait '' nothing !
i looked at the invoice and was stunned .
the medication charge was outrageous !
do your self a favor and find a vet that wont empty your wallet !
as far as the visit itself , it was average .
wrong !
i waited _num_ hours before seeing a vet ( went in at 11pm ) .
no other solution was offered , and i was hung up on .
it is $ _num_ !
and no one talked to me about billing or even asked for payment !
ca n't believe that they treat their customers this way !
terrible terrible terrible horrible customer service !
what is wrong with you .
then the worst part .
go out to my car and print some money out ?
i am so furious with this place and will never be coming back here .
thanks for nothing .
this place is a complete rip off .
very unhappy with the services .
they just want your money .
we are taking him to another vet and out of this hell hole .
its dirty , the staff is nasty and the prices are insane .
first thing monday morning we took him to our vet .
our vet does n't even recommend that hospital to their customers .
first thing monday morning we took him to our vet .
our vet does n't even recommend that hospital to their customers .
do not go to this place .
thank god my sister did n't want to give up .
but this vet place is a rip off .
first day taking my son here , and it was the worst experience ever !
they said its about _num_ to _num_ ratio ?
looks like its more like _num_ to _num_ ratio .
i had never ever seen him like that !
and then they got my sons drink wrong .
went on saturday night , on my way home from work .
waited _num_ minutes on line then another _num_ for my food .
got home and all my food was wrong .
this location is horrible .
give del taco over on ray & dobson your business instead of this place !
this particular one , however , is at the bottom of my list .
i 've been back a few times , but it 's always bad .
the order is always wrong , usually due to the person taking the order .
there is no excuse for a restaurant to leave out food in an order .
i have no idea why i return to this location ... other than convenience .
tonight i spent $ _num_ to feed my family .
the guy even tells me `` the ones with no onion are marked . ''
sorry mom ... you can have cereal if you want ?
ugh .
i hate you taco bell .
the package has not been received until now ( feb _num_ ) .
please do not make the same mistake i made .
there is n't even a $ _num_ cash wash option !
most expensive is $ _num_ .
terrible !
put $ _num_ in and ended after _num_ seconds .
car was still dirty .
i was really unhappy with the service i received at this car wash .
it 's ridiculous .
( this must be why they do n't give you a receipt ) .
never , ever , ever again .
there were about _num_ people for the salsa group lessons .
it was a noisy zoo .
lot 's of partner switching -- in fact switching is almost all we did .
i do n't see how anybody could learn to dance there .
i gave them another try on a thursday for a west coast swing lesson .
i will never go back and i suggest you do n't go there either !
the man at counter was very rude .
had i known this i would have returned my item in this time frame .
when i responded , he told me to stop talking .
i 'm not sure on if it moved or went outta business .
i wish i had n't .
walking in the door , there was an odd smell .
it should have been my first sign to turn around and leave .
so i pushed on , ordered food and paid .
gross .
sign # _num_ that i should grab my kids and run .
needless to say i will not be returning .
i would rather brave the _num_ degree playground than return to this restaurant !
do n't get that .
these newer fries are horrible .
also , the parking lot is weird .
not sure why they made it like that .
not the best , not quite the worst .
however my past two visits had errors though .
fries rather than onion rings last time , despite being clear .
i 'm not going back and i do n't recommend to anyone .
barely anyone inside and no one at counter by us .
i dont think that i want to risk another visit there again .
the french fries were the only thing that was good .
this place should get _num_ and a half stars at best .
left them a message to make an appointment -- no return call .
went to the tempe office instead , which was awesome !
they had no intention of cleaning my teeth and make you keep coming back .
got my money back for the groupon .
i would n't go there if it was free .
the front desk person has the most horrible attitude i have ever seen .
the waits here are way too long .
_num_ minutes in the waiting room and _num_ minutes inside .
they did n't seem to care very much .
and that 's too many fails for me .
i guess that makes sense , but the tone was not necessary .
but i find that typical of a lot of dental offices these days .
but at this point , it 's too little too late .
this place is nearby so i use it on occasion .
and service is not so good .
this place was a complete rip off .
at the end of the service i was handed a bill for $ _num_ .
the charge for the oil filter was an outrageous $ _num_ .
the groupon covered $ _num_ of the service .
the extra $ _num_ was due to tax .
my windshield had absolutely no damage whatsoever on it .
it was a hard , hard sell .
talk about a bad first impression !
the waiting room was sparse but did have a nice aquarium .
never going back .
ill stick to do it yourself places .
i sincerely pity anyone who comes here looking for a good experience .
i was then rushed from the premises .
to top it all the front desk clerk makes the comment `` whatever . ''
it was a terrible job and my car had a mark on it .
being it was on the driver side it was hard to miss .
rude , terrible wash and wax and a damaged car .
they did a horrible job .
do not go to this place !
comes back out and says they do n't have a refund policy .
i asked to speak to the manager , he says he 's the manager .
floors were still dirty after vacuumed and dash was not completely clean .
the guy was obviously too rushed to realize he completely missed that part .
third time wo n't be a charm because we probably wo n't be back .
stay away very poor service at a very high price .
terrible customer service !
my car sat for _num_ minutes before the technician even started my oil change .
i 'm never coming here for a car wash again .
wrong .
so why exactly is he standing there again ?
this next man was nicer , except he was so clueless .
but he does n't think i can , and he does n't know why .
then come back to get my car washed .
i get my car washed here a lot never a problem !
he said $ _num_ dollars with tax .
well the oil change was a disaster .
avoid this place at all cost as it is nothing but a scam !
i have been highly disappointed with this car wash !
she quoted me _num_ over the phone .
not impressed .
the person who took `` my order '' could barely speak english .
when i asked about it , they told me , `` sorry .
we are short handed today three people called in sick . ''
i got my $ _num_ back for the leather they did not condition .
then i notice oil leaking so i took it back to the oil bay .
a two hour wait to get a wash and an oil change is ridiculous .
ruined the flow of my sunday for sure and had to change plans around .
no one called in sick today .
so , if you dare to try them , do not go on sunday .
very disappointed !
i wo n't be back .
this is the worst place to get your car detailed .
i am not sure what they did they entire _num_ hours .
they told me i could buy car washes .
not even for car washes .
unfortunately , he lied .
also , extra pushy windshield guy , so be prepared for that .
finally , do n't be in a rush .
this is possibly the slowest car wash i have ever been to .
first visit did not clean bugs off vehicle and did damage to roof .
lost the chance at a good new customer with four cars .
ugh , what a terrible experience !
the car wash they gave me ( the standard ) was terrible .
i do not recommend this business and i will not be back .
i 'll stick to cobblestone auto spa .
i do not like deceptive businesses one bit .
however , the past three times i 've gone there , has been horrible .
they do the worst vacuum job .
i find this unacceptable .
never once have i even received a sorry .
i was once a loyal customer here .
worst car wash i have ever gotten .
should n't that already come with my $ _num_ dollar car wash ?
really bad service here .
this is my lunch .
not me .
why did no one come and get us and let us sit there ?
no apology when went back ?
yet another awful experience do not go here !
very disappointed .
it was $ _num_ , so i expected a good job .
worst service ever !
i will never return to full circle .
i expressed to him that time efficiency is my number _num_ priority .
i paid the man and i begin to realize that i 've been taken .
after i left , i went to fill up my gas tank .
i was disappointed to say the least .
ruined that manicure .
he was immediately defensive , even more aggressive than before and very rude .
could of took the $ _num_ and thrown it out the car window !
i did n't hear anything so i called back today .
your solution is to have me go back for another two washes ?
so i have more things taken ?
i decided to try this since it was a full service wash .
i settled on a wash , vacuum and clean the interior window .
during our entire conversation he was extremely rude .
i went inside to wait for my car .
she said very rudely that it was marked .
i then looked over the whole car .
i told him it was only an ok job .
probably the worst car wash i 've ever been too .
did n't explain anything other than i needed a filling .
she told me it would n't be a problem .
no thanks !
i ca n't even eat a cold salad on that side of my mouth .
sorry , but i do n't recommend and never will .
it also has a sketchy clientele and extremely poor customer service .
la fitness is a mediocre gym that has pretty bad customer service .
they claim to be _num_ hours , but that is not true .
why are small children allowed into the workout area ?
they 're running around , screaming , crying and getting in the way .
no way , not with me !
the front desk staff is not friendly at all .
there are many times that there are _num_ people at the front desk .
i feel management needs to train their staff better .
also , the spin classes on sat are ridiculous !
i could not even tell you who management is .
you never see them or even know they are there .
it was very convenient to where i used to live .
but _num_ hours a day every day ?
they are n't big on being friendly , at least not consistently .
i hate the weights and cardio machines at this location .
the weights are the same but there is more room at the other location .
the only thing i go to this location for is spinning .
it 's cheap , if that 's all you care about .
the cardio machines here suck , plain and simple .
so , customer service ?
i 'd hate working here , too .
as another reviewer said , people here never wipe down their machines .
gross .
this just goes to show the kind of people that come here , too .
no one cares .
this staff is horrible and not courteous whatsoever .
they do n't care they only want your money .
no answering machine .
i was n't impressed from the first hour , frankly .
you ca n't cancel online and have to go to the gym .
no dice .
i then insisted on being connected with the operations manager .
not so fast .
he was so mad that he cancelled his membership , too .
i spoke with christine , a manager of member services .
bathroom arrangement is odd but not a biggie , and is usually clean .
but ... but ... try complaining about a piece of equipment .
an obvious safety concern .
some of their equipment is busted and needs pads replaced , etc .
staff : hit and miss , mostly miss .
but not really , and not with that attitude .
dude , mexican food is my shit !
i maintained that membership until _num_ because it was inexpensive .
let me start by saying that they 're checkin process is terrible .
from a hygiene standard it 's pretty disgusting .
basketball court is a serious safety hazard .
the associates at the front desk are unprofessional and sloppy .
yes it 's a gym but class is required in any establishment .
most incompetent staff that works here .
never take up training sessions here .
this gym chain is terrible .
i called to cancel and was given the worst customer service ever .
in _num_ , companies should be providing a lot better customer service .
i am seriously disappointed and frustrated with my experience at this place .
never even tried to fix it .
absolute fail .
he continued to comment for _num_ minutes until i finished my 4th set !
ok , i used to come here all the time .
staff was ignorant and just stupid , period .
very dangerous , no inspection of machines and if so this would never happen .
avoid this place like plague , or maybe you can be next .
in _num_ , i have little to no patience with this crap .
they get you in , let you join , all with no issue .
the level of professionalism at la fitness is nonexistent .
f this establishment and the idiot that answered the phone .
horrible customer service .
no credit and i had four days to use _num_ sessions !
do not sign up if you ever want to cancel .
nothing special .
as i already said , not bad but nothing special .
why does a denny 's run out of pancake batter ?
it was n't kitchen nightmares or anything , but it was n't very inviting .
no frills , just easy , american food .
the bill came to $ _num_ .
$ _num_ each ?
service was very poor .
my water never got refilled despite his two promises to fill it .
sorry to see this denny 's lose the homey feel .
for _num_ chicken tenders ? )
food was not very good .
probably wo n't come back if we get the same server again .
however , they really need to do something about their booth seats .
it was like sitting on a blanket thrown over a bunch of large rocks .
i am always the one to run down and get the food .
epic fail ... guess i will choose biscuits cafe up the street next time .
what a total lack of responsibility !
my _num_ year old saved and saved to buy his 1st aquarium .
do n't come here if you want friendly service ... or service at all .
we were so insulted by her absolute lack of courtesy that we left .
further proof that large corporate chains are n't worth a thing .
i am very disappointed by this store .
are you kidding me ?
it was extremely rude & terrible customer service .
she finally listened to what i wanted for my dog .
dumb me for ever asking for advice .
if i could , i would give it _num_ stars .
the second story floor plan is horrible .
you ca n't sleep at night because the traffic outside is so loud .
this apartment complex just sucks .
the appliances : terrible and so old .
the grounds look terrible .
you do n't feel very safe walking to your door from your car .
but it is n't .
worst .
we continued to wait another _num_ minutes .
sadly , no one ever came .
i would not suggest renting from here by our first impression .
the plumbing is extremely loud and the appliances are all old and barely work .
overall , our experience with the community has been very negative .
worst management ever .
they took my money without my approval and wont give it back .
the place overall offers nothing special for the very high prices .
this apartment has been an nightmare .
no joke i have been having the worst experience .
scorpions , bugs , and dirty never cleaned community pools .
this place does n't even deserve one star .
terrible .
just terrible .
nothing like paying for services that you have not even gotten yet .
every time we have gone there we have seen someone different .
it 's very impersonal .
they prescribed my wife a medicine that she ca n't even take .
nothing like spending more money for another visit for their mistake .
this office does not care about the patient .
do n't say i did n't warn you .
i did n't get to see a doctor until the fifth visit .
when i did he looked more at my chart than he did at me .
the receptionists constantly ask you if you want to pay your bill .
we tell them , not today we have a plan for our bills .
the visits before the one with the doctor were just okay .
we felt very pushed through the system .
i did n't feel like anybody gave a crap about me .
not just that but all they do is bark orders at you .
such poor patient care !
i just simply hate them , so unprofessional .
she took me back into the exam room and did the routine things .
she was very cold and rude .
if i could give this negative ratings , i would .
lo and behold , no same day spots available for new patients .
i had previously gone to the maricopa office and had no problems .
i will not be returning .
this is by far the worst medical office i have ever been to .
i will never return to this office again nor will i refer .
private practices would never treat a patient the way i was treated here .
ridiculous .
do not support this business .
worst dr i have every been to .
worst place do n't go !
the whole experience was disgusting .
extremely unprofessional and have been reported to the medical board .
very sad .
downhill since then .
um , no thank you .
this was my last visit .
this is the worst jiffy lube i have ever been to .
engine .
point of ruining cars by failure to do their jobs right .
i told them no , thank you .
not going there again .
this place does not take care of there customers .
my time is worth more then $ _num_ jiffy lube .
not recommended for anyone !
the cashier ( asian lady ) was very rude .
i do n't think this fast fast atmosphere is right for this lady .
i 'm very disappointed with all the new staff they have working .
i might try the chorizo or the carne asada next time .
this is one of the most disappointing lunches i have ever encountered .
just your standard , run of the mill `` mexican '' food .
nothing special here .
i will never spend another penny at this place .
the taco plate was skimpy and bland .
maybe try a burrito instead ?
one word : disappointing .
the food was just ok and i 've tried it a few times .
the smell of the floor cleaner was so overwhelming it got me sick .
personally , i used to come here a lot more often than i do .
the guacamole was a bit thinner than i like .
however , on my last visit , i waited a bit longer than normal .
she did apologize and informed me that they have n't even started it yet .
i was n't willing to wait this time .
again , no offer to make it right .
i should have just asked for my money back .
i 'm really disappointed .
the rice was dry , but the refried beans were okay .
my husband was not impressed with his carnitas burrito .
he got a nasty surprise when he cut it open .
its nothing special .
nothing was awful it just was n't anything to rave about .
the place was clean and the staff was friendly .
service stinks here !
seriously , rice and beans are a staple .
the rice was decent , the beans just tasted like chicken broth .
service .
really bad service and mediocre food .
i do n't understand crappy rude service .
no thanks or eye contact again .
have to wait for her to come back and ask for my cup again .
had a carne asada burro with beans no rice .
bland food .
the beef taco is shredded beef , which was good ( to me ) .
refried beans were good , but tasted like they came from a can .
but like i said before , it tasted like the other restaurants .
look , i get that it 's a cheap fast food style restaurant .
but that should n't excuse poor service .
i of course said no because it 'll just have another hair in it .
she also never apologized for their terrible customer service .
truly bad form .
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .
first off it looks like it 's barely clean on the inside .
not pleasurable at all .
however , last sunday i placed a phone order .
today was a horrible experience !
they both got rude and upset with me .
very poor poor customer service !
i am very disappointed and unfortunately will not be bringing my family back .
wanted to give this place another try and again they failed me .
it 's some sort of bland , cheap green stuff .
and then they throw raw shredded cheese on it ... ugh .
waste of money .
rip off .
the wife had a hard time eating it .
bad service .
the mexican food there is ok .
anyway , do n't go in the morning specially if is your first time .
i ordered the _num_ cheese enchilada combo .
i will not make this mistake again .
this would have been more than enough for me .
i will never step foot inside this place again .
i refuse to support lousy customer service with my hard earned money ... .
i will not be returning to desert sage herbs again .
when i left , no fees and good feelings all around .
i let myself get talked into the place , which was my bad entirely .
next problem was a few months later .
i only pay $ _num_ for a one bedroom .
seriously ... how hard is it to fake customer service ?
do not believe the website , it is totally false advertised .
what you see online is not what you will get in person .
trust me , there are tons of better apartments out there so keep looking .
the worst customer service .
i walked in ready to buy a pair of glasses .
not _num_ person and acknowledged to me .
there was only _num_ customer in the store .
so i walked out .
most reviews are negative about this company !
i had a terrible experience here .
before my eye exam i told them what prescription i had in each eye .
i gave two starts because the doctor and the staff were nice .
i had my eyes checked and made my husband an appointment .
we left feeling really uncomfortable .
then they proceeded to sell my husband glasses that he did n't need .
month to get me my glasses and sunglasses that i bought for myself .
horrible customer service .
they refused to give it to me and i am still without contacts .
absolute worst experience !
called back to be laughed at and told it would be another _num_ weeks .
vision centers are a dime a dozen , skip this one .
very very unhappy with the customer service .
there was no where to wait until my appointment .
the color section was disappointing .
within _num_ hours , i had three major chips .
save your money and go elsewhere !
made my appointment for _num_ pm on thursday .
anyhow , women beware !
the savings to go to this place is not worth it !
the food here is just not good .
not that it 's particularly bad , but there is much better available nearby .
the food and service was poor each time .
the atmosphere is ok if you sit by the water .
i just do n't get it .
and he did - and multiple times .
i hate it when the salsa is watery thin .
chips were good ny wife said as i do n't eat them .
food comes , there 's the friggin ' rice all over my plate .
without that lake ... we would never come back .
it 's expensive too , so not worth it .
not recommended whatsoever !
some burros is _num_ times tastier & it 's fast food !
i have to say , i was disappointed .
not cool .
sadly , i ca n't let my old review stand .
i could n't handle it .
everything had a weird taste , even my diet coke .
i probably wo n't be going back for awhile .
we 've been going to valle luna on and off for years .
the last time that we ate there , we were less than pleased .
the food was bland , the sauces all tasted the same .
the rice was blah .
bland bland bland !
the whole plate was covered in cheese and mediocre rice and beans .
the service was lackluster and seemed to match up with the food here .
so now its the second worst mexican food i have ever had .
we had a chili relleno that was just awful .
very weird feeling in your mouth .
the chips and salsa also not that good .
the waiter was a bad mood jerk .
gordon ramsey really needs to make a visit to this place .
once again completely disappointed with the food and service .
we wait another _num_ minutes then finally are taken back to our table .
this is when her poor waiting skills come into play .
they were not good to say the least .
my husband and friends were not entirely pleased with their meals either .
they all said that the food was okay but too pricey for the quality .
the worst waitress i have ever encountered while dining out .
i will never go back to valle luna and will not recommend to anyone .
they have awesome salsa but not awesome chips .
now about the service ... it 's terrible !
ugh .
two , the food is definitely not the best mexican in the area .
it 's overpriced and definitely not easy on the stomach .
bad luck maybe .
the chicken tacos were disgusting .
the fish tacos apparently were okay .
so next time i suppose i should try that instead of the chicken tacos .
food was bland bland bland and horribly greasy !
not a fresh item to be had .
it was like drunk college food only worse .
way too overpriced for the junk they serve .
rice was tasteless and horribly mushy .
$ _num_ for two plates of hot mush .
drinking water cause they got the pepsi .
server tried to tell me thats how it is .
really you serve mexican food with cheese that is n't melted ?
no visit from a manager or anything .
this is a place in need of a visit from restaurant impossible .
i wo n't be going back .
_num_ weeks passed and i decided to follow up on it .
alright valle luna i feel like it is finally time to speak out .
this had to be why your restaurant was given a b rating .
that thing is that the plates and silverware on the table are always dirty .
i 'm not just talking every once in a while .
unfortunately every time we are equally disappointed .
this is completely unacceptable .
this is n't a one time thing .
this is an every time thing not just every once in a while .
plus the service is terrible !
total charge would have been _num_ .
he 's rude and seriously should not be in customer service let alone management .
the others were not very pleased with the food .
the only thing this place has going is the patio environment .
friday happy hour , bad experience .
my wife had a mango margarita that was too sweet .
she tried a different variety that tasted like soap .
waiter ( diego ) comped it , thankfully .
if you want good mexican , drive on by this dump .
just because the view is good does n't mean the food is good .
had a party for _num_ today at lunch .
our checks were not ready had to wait on .
and for one taco it apparently cost $ _num_ .
at no point were we ever apologized too for the late food .
a sorry about that would have gone along way .
worst service this year at any restaurant in the valley !
both chip plates where dirty along with our silverware .
this place was awful !
the last two times our service has been so terrible it is unbearable .
over thirty minutes to have our order taken .
longer for drinks to be delivered .
and a very annoyed condescending server when we asked questions .
there are many places nearby that would be better .
we will not be back .
so sad to see this place slide into decline .
she did n't even offer to comp the meal .
accidentally ate here after forgetting that the food is terrible .
if there was a zero star option i would choose it !
they messed up tacos , how can a mexican place mess up tacos ?
horrible service .
i was never contacted by management .
in december , would have given them _num_ stars for happy hour .
in january they doubled their prices and stopped the bean dip .
so sad .
however the wait staff sucks !
when i asked for another beverage he walked away .
i hate to give a bad review , but the table staff completely sucked .
horrible customer service .
needless to say my poor father 's birthday was ruined .
been going to valle luna literally for years .
are n't there laws about how far away you can smoke ?
gross !
huge disappoint .
they are now charging $ _num_ for a tiny order of their bean dip .
the order was n't enough for my three small kids much less anyone else .
my boyfriend introduced me and my girls to this place _num_ years ago .
the service , for the most part , was mediocre .
if anything , there should be free refills !
if i could have given this place no stars , i certainly would have .
never had i had a more terrible dining out experience than at valle luna .
six of us sat down to dine and we went to order .
no substitutions !
i said do n't you care about customer satisfaction ?
i said i guess you do n't care about your customers and he shrugged .
all this for _num_ + dollars .
not very impressed .
first , the chips tasted over done .
they had attitude as well .
i will not come back here even if i like the food .
first , i feel bad about this .
not tonight .
i went for dinner after not having visited for over a year .
they stopped giving bean dip with the chips .
and when i got my food it was lukewarm and tasted like fast food .
will not be going back unless it is for happy hour .
then no bean dip with the chips ... okay we ordered it .
not the same bean dip , runny and not tasty .
wrong beer , and no waitress in sight .
wo n't be going out of our way to eat there again .
very sad .
fool me once ... .
so since we had never been here , we were like , really ?
i wont go back to poor customer service .
just had the worst experience i have ever had at a restaurant .
it was late so we sat in the bar area .
big mistake !
we could not get out of there fast enough .
the only reason we stayed as long as we did was the food .
_num_ lost customers .
their food is mediocre .
the corn taco shells have been shiny with grease on the last 3-4 visits .
the $ _num_ house margarita lacked flavor ; very disappointing .
did n't care for the black olives in the cheese enchiladas .
total bummer and disappointment .
took forever , i 'm not sure if they were understaffed or what .
what happened ?
i think it 's gone downhill .
i had the most bland fajita 's ever .
i 'm torn about this place .
no way .
look elsewhere unless you 've got time to kill for only minor savings .
rude , rude , rude .
the clerk today was put out by my business .
no , little girl , tough for you !
tired of needing to drive back to pick things up .
why do n't you clean your press machines ?
recommendation : do not have them clean anything in white .
will take my $ $ elsewhere .
one pair of pants and dress was over $ _num_ .
my first visit to boston market in probably 10+ year .
sadly the tea was nasty .
i only drink tea or water so this is frustrating for me .
ugh .
it 's not inviting at all .
then i arrive home and give my husband the cookie he wanted .
nasty !
the restaurant looks dirty and greasy inside .
all the side dishes looked like they had been sitting there for days .
i have n't been here in almost _num_ yrs .
she is going through the same thing i did .
my boyfriend and i were so sick last night and today .
all in all it was a very disappointing experience .
no phone call the day before , no apology , nothing .
confused ?
she also mentioned that the manager would be calling me that day .
she told me it would be $ _num_ to email one of the photos .
i called back again and told her again , no email .
i did n't need a $ _num_ package ( the least expensive ) .
again i called every other day for another week , and no return call .
after the sitting and review of the pictures came the sticker shock .
obviously a huge rip off .
i would avoid this studio at all costs .
i was quite disappointed at what i saw .
worst pedicure ever .
the pedi however is where things really head south .
but would not rub my feet .
thats the part that hurts after being on them all day !
it was like she had no clue what she was doing .
weird weird weird .
wo n't be going back .
called and made an appointment for _num_ people .
waited _num_ minutes before anyone started on one of us .
it was not busy ( _num_ other customers in the salon ) .
took _num_ minutes before anyone started on the next person .
will not be back here .
never again will i return .
i tried this place twice for manicures .
completely gross !
he then snapped at me and said `` you wasted my time '' .
i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
i 'm sorry .
let me clue you in , the cashiers here have always looked it up .
it always takes 5-10 seconds at most !
we already burned over half an hour here trying to get anyone 's attention .
i had a bowl of pho and the worst freaking lemonade ever .
i would n't even bother ordering pho here anymore .
there is outdated furniture and decor .
it does not have to .
just stop it .
nothing more and nothing less .
i have done it a thousand times before .
if something does not taste good , it does not taste good .
hubby and i met a couple of friends here for dinner tonight .
well , disappointing .
the pho tai was flat in flavor , greasy and very , very average .
it 's not authentic and it 's chinese style trust me !
do n't go to this restaurant .
when she got back to the table the phone and the tip was gone .
what a shame this place used to be amazing .
went in for lunch and it was moderately busy .
bad idea !
after waiting much too long to get served , i got my usual pho .
i think it is one of the worst in the valley .
we went here after purchasing a groupon .
the service was so strange .
i ordered veggie pho and substituted the noodles for extra vegetables .
my boyfriend ordered pho thai .
my pho was really bad , too .
but veggie pho is a hit or miss ... .
the biggest disappointment was the service .
i had to wait another _num_ min until i got my food .
unacceptable .
the food was decent but the customer service was awful .
the service here was horrible .
save your time and money ... not worth it !
one of the families got their order wrong .
disappointed friend talked to another server about it .
server replied , `` no , no , no , no ! ''
i could tell that they were trying to get rid of us .
the other server gave our check even though we were still eating .
later , i see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table .
my friend said the damage has been done .
rude server was upset .
one of the families got their order wrong .
disappointed friend talked to another server about it .
server replied , `` no , no , no , no ! ''
i could tell that they were trying to get rid of us .
the other server gave our check even though we were still eating .
later , i see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table .
my friend said the damage has been done .
rude server was upset .
the server taking our order was distracted the whole time while taking our order .
the server said 5-7 minutes -- it took almost _num_ minutes !
the service was bad .
today , our visit was disappointing .
( i 've asked on prior visits with no problems .
mmmmm , not my idea of clean .
my entree tasted okay but the meat was chewy and cold .
terrible service !
waited _num_ mins for food .
it was ridiculous !
the pho noodles were not even soft and were hard .
no `` thank you '' not `` i 'm sorry !
it was horrible service !
another thing , they are not kid friendly .
she never brought us another pair of chopsticks to replace the ones she took .
in conclusion , i would eat there again , but only carry out .
service was soooooo slow .
pho is supposed to be piping hot .
also , the outside of the spring rolls were dry .
in addition , the pho broth was too salty .
too much msg !
it 's usually not this bad , but this time was horrible .
the service has always been bad , rude servers .
had another bad service .
very very disappointed in the service .
our waitress was incredibly rude .
and the service was extremely slow .
overall , i would n't recommend .
wo n't be returning .
i 'm vietnamese , so i know damn well what it should be like .
ok no big deal , i 'll take your other beef .
i tried eating my food but my meat was cold .
hell no i will not take spit in my food , no thank you !
worst service i have ever seen !
what the hell did you say ?
ok , i wo n't ever go back to this place again .
i cant even explain .
i do not recommend .
we had dinner and had the worst experience we ever had .
after an hour and half we could not wait so we decided to leave .
went thru the drive through recently and asked for a jr frosty .
so she told me my total .
no flavor at all !
the window opened again i was handed my bag once again window just shut .
seems to be the same situation every time i go .
guess that is the only way you get your money 's worth .
the downfall to this particular store is the lack of customer service .
i do n't ever see any staff around except at checkout .
when i get to the checkout counter the staff is not personable at all .
`` , would suffice .
i no longer go there and neither do any of my friends .
makeup artist was incredibly rude and unprofessional .
the check out desk was also unprofessional .
manager was yelling at an employee in front of the customers .
i will not be back to this location .
do not get your eyebrows done by amanda .
she does not pay attention to detail .
worst wax ever !
i did not have a receipt for something i needed to return .
so then he tried and apparently it showed i had absolutely no purchase record !
so since that was my only option , i had to do that .
i do n't even want to use the store credit .
made no offer to check for me and he was obviously annoyed .
all three employees were chatting behind the counter .
10-15 mins later , no one came .
i sure do miss my camelback location !
the make-up artist was busy so we had no help .
which is such a lie because i went with her .
sorry this is absolutely the worse customer service i 've ever heard of !
you can guarantee i will not be a customer any longer .
i went to the ulta salon to get a color and cut .
she said `` no problem '' and proceeded to `` color '' my hair .
the managers are just so rude .
it seems like they hate their job .
reason why i prefer to go to sephora !
when i walked in the door , i got the generic welcome .
just terrible overall .
when buying gifts for people i will be probably looking else where than ulta .
finally i got someone to help me but this place is a mess .
my fiance was almost in tears when we left in frustration .
floral arrangements are not delivered as they appear online .
salon is hit or miss depending on who does your nails .
they are cheap but you get what you pay for .
the price was very comparable to walk in nail salons in the area .
the salon was empty except me and i now understand why that may be .
would not recommend this place .
told me it was $ _num_ .
the language barrier always gets frustrating .
figured it was n't worth arguing over paid and left .
besides , my pedicure was nothing special .
will not go back and will not recommend .
by far the worst experience at a nail salon ever !
i have an event tomorrow and now have these awful nails !
the talent of this jeweler is obvious .
shopped there so much i even bought stock in the company .
this place is awful .
this is not just a service thing .
disappointed that the cashier tonight was rude and rushed .
worst shopping experience ever !
when i said something to them , they did not even acknowledge me .
we will never return to a petco again .
he was standing about _num_ feet or so from us .
do you not require any sort of training before you hire these people ?
he has no business working there and should be fired .
unfortunately , i almost always have a negative experience at this particular petco .
do n't waste your time here .
they screwed the transfer up , too , and put it in as _num_ !
finally , she said , ready in _num_ hours .
yup -- _num_ .
i said , um , you 're missing _num_ .
i would highly recommend going there instead .
i 'm going to try the walgreens on chandler blvd next time .
i left urgent care for cvs to get a prescription filled .
poor service from this cvs !
needed pain meds asap for husband in serious pain from broken leg .
tonight i had to wait over _num_ hours for my prescriptions .
these are countless hours of my life i will never get back .
unacceptable .
the next time i need a pharmacy , i 'm going back to walgreens .
customer service is not what it used to be .
and they are usually pretty rude in general , no empathy .
maybe they are tired , because they are open 24hrs .
i 'm gon na move over to another cvs .
not really a friendly `` customer service '' oriented type of gym .
not responsive to members requests .
too busy doing their nails , homework , or talking .
seems to be a control issue with the bike class passes too .
i was so frustrated that i after three attempts i gave up .
the gym is dirty and the equipment is out of date .
carpeting has big stains on it and equipment is dusty .
too run down and dirty for me .
uh , yeah , patrick , i 'm trying desperately to leave your gym .
this gym got new owners january _num_ so disregard any reviews from past years .
slowly but surely the owners have worked towards driving the current gym members out .
first the coffee and juice bar were closed , then towel service ended .
very disappointed by this place .
a ) it 's very affordable .
that is , there 's no such thing as bad sex .
i should probably try it again , even though my first visit was underwhelming .
not sure why that survey question has been answered differently by every other user .
probably , no .
my salad came out quick ... too quick .
my chicken was n't hot .
but only if you get fresh chicken .
the chains , which i 'm no fan of , beat this place easily .
tasted just like chef boy r d from a can .
no biggie .
another _num_ minutes , and we got the separate checks back .
with tip it was $ _num_ for a calzone and a beer .
decor is plain .
looks like the interior of a diner more than that of an italian restaurant .
_num_ of my all time favorite foods that i can only get here .
but i feel the need to report a problem .
this is the second time this has happened sour cucumbers in the salad .
there is simply no excuse .
and too top it off tonight our eggplant was raw .
i feel very guilty giving this place one star but i 'm upset .
well my daughter and i went in for lunch .
we were seated and the table was not too clean .
i 'm really disappointed .
do not eat here !
terrible food , a shame .
the ceasar salad had the wrong type of lettuce , wrong dressing .
lasagna bland and mushy !
maybe i was expecting a real italian restaurant but it was extremely casual .
not what i had in mind !
i would n't recommend going here if you 're looking for great pasta !
worst chicken parm ever ( including frozen meals ) but very good pizza .
the pasta was ok , and the service left a lot to be desired .
my calzone was a bit dry .
pizza was downright lousy .
completely forgettable .
well , wasted money and calories !
worst pizza ever !
a frozen pizza would have been better !
i 'm really not sure what the fuss is all about .
the breadsticks were bland and disappointing .
my husband said papa johns is better and he hates papa johns .
even the bread pudding was just okay nothing special .
these reviews are cracking me up .
awful experience , and even worse food !
so bummed we spent any money here .
place is dirty and needs remodeling too .
wo n't be coming back .
i 've been to this restaurant twice now recently to try it again .
of course we had a bit to wait , no big deal .
and service was slow .
both times the service was lacking and unfortunately i wo n't go back now .
worst italian food i 've ever had .
i scheduled my appointment online .
the day of my appointment , walked in and signed in .
later they tell me that the visit alone is $ _num_ .
all i was trying to get were some birth control pills .
then on top of that , _num_ month supply was $ _num_ .
they told me i could pay the remaining in _num_ weeks .
i 've never been treated like that before .
they were n't even understanding and willing to help me .
if i could give _num_ stars i would .
she made me feel uncomfortable .
if you do n't like your job do n't do it .
i was making a simple appointment and was made so uncomfortable i cancelled it .
it just was n't very good .
complete and utter disappointment .
i just went in here and got some tacos for lunch .
and they give you one sauce for _num_ tacos .
i wo n't make that mistake again .
stayed away for a month and went back one late evening recently .
the churros were old and dry .
the fajita extreme burrito fell apart at one end after the second bite .
the burn unit at st. joe 's medical center would n't have touched it .
to date there has been no response .
gross .
typical greasy , low quality mexican food .
this review is not about the food at filibertos .
this review is rather about a shady credit card charge at this particular location .
$ _num_ , as always , awesome .
on days when i am not busy i never eat there .
i am not exaggerating either .
when i went to the store to show them nobody even apologized .
only good when drunk really .
no luck .
ask for a receipt , i guarantee they ca n't provide one .
this is the worst filibertos in az , hands down .
overall food quality for me is poor .
despite my bad first trip , i went back .
terrible .
the beef taco meat was dried out , and without much flavor .
this time however there was a bone in my shredded chicken taco .
probably wo n't be going back for a long time needless to say .
now i 'm actually pissed off enough to actually start a yelp account .
stood out side the window for almost _num_ minutes .
this location is horrible .
however two weeks ago no problem .
i guess they will get my business from now on .
they just do n't seem to have it together .
overpriced and horrible .
worst experience ever .
they tried to charge me $ _num_ for a certificate of health .
staff was so stupid .
went to the appointment and waited for almost _num_ hours before seeing anyone .
felt like i just took my car in to the repair shop .
_num_ different meds were prescribed and follow up was scheduled .
he explained everything to me , including pricing .
why would they not tell me about this ?
so $ _num_ later and our dog still has her infection ... .
well i was completely wrong .
i was clueless as to what that was .
she told me that it did n't include the consultation fee .
she assured me no , that it was completely free .
this time , a different lady answered , and sounded very impatient and surly .
highly disappointed with the customer service i have been receiving .
i should have been done with banfield after this situation .
i 've been using this pet hospital for over _num_ years and was satisfied .
the rudest front desk staff you ever could hire .
call and talk to the rude staff and you 'll get quoted one price .
i would not reccommend this location at all .
i visited this location on _num_ other occasions being told the same thing .
did n't have time to see a sick dog !
i think the entire arizona area has a bad banfield hospital system .
i am very disappointed and disgusted with banfield chandler blvd .
did n't have time to see a sick dog !
i 'm beginning to believe that this location only cares about money !
banfield pet hospitals need to have the corporate office close them down !
doctors are incompetent and dangerous to treat - animals !
do n't bring children to this location !
i 'm never coming here again !
when i get there , sometimes they ca n't find my order online .
it 's not fun to have to do their job for them .
if they could just get it together it would be nice .
this is the worst office i 've ever been to !
i have n't eaten in over _num_ hours and my blood sugar is dropping .
this is ridiculous !
however , after the service , we were really regretted to see him .
also , his office manager is not helping and very rude .
this probably the last time we will attending the friday night steak fry !
maybe i just do n't like cajun food and fish though ?
was a horrible experience .
i walked into this store while _num_ store employees were chatting at the counter .
i stood near the counter but far enough away for them to finish .
most horrible buffet i have ever been to .
the food is awful here .
i tried really hard to like this place .
my boyfriend did n't like any of it either .
i do n't understand how they have such good ratings .
in short , i do n't understand how anyone can eat this garbage .
the people who are running this place now are poor at providing customer service .
so if you want to be treated like an idiot go there to eat .
if not , do n't go because you will certainly be disappointed .
costco 's pizza is better and a whole lot less expensive .
the pesto was lacking flavor .
yea dont feel it .
you made them very unhappy .
the service standards have gone downhill quite a bit .
their food is mediocre at best but ridiculously overpriced .
annoying .
and the bill was unbelievably high for the quality of the food .
do n't go - there 's nothing to like about this place .
the bacon was soggy and falling off and the dates were really hardly stuffed .
crispy bacon is is critical though for this dish .
make a sauce with the noodles already in it .
this time was the deal breaker and unfortunately we wo n't be back .
the meat was weird .
he said it was bland and the shrimp were hard ( over cooked ) .
it 's a bummer that it was a bomb .
the service was pretty terrible too .
disappointed .
i was so hungry and now my appetite is ruined for the night .
lame .
i probably wo n't be back any time soon .
was quite surprised to be so disappointed in the meal .
previous dine-in visits and carryout from them were much better .
_num_ inch is almost as small as a personal size pizza .
tried the tuscan and cracked crab alfredo pizza .
my waiter was the managers son , apparently .
great pizza , they should hire more professional waiters .
i will not be back .
this review does not address their pizza , which i have n't tried .
the worst was the linguini in white clam sauce .
the pizza was good but was nothing out of the ordinary .
and on previous occasions , i was n't that impressed with their pastas either .
the sides were good but the protein on both entres missed the mark .
very poor execution on both dishes .
dessert was a complete let down for me .
i am a vegetarian and was horrified to find meat in my veggie soup .
never gon na go there again .
the following morning i was still waiting for the doctor to read the test .
i was told i could leave by _num_ .
this place is a nightmare .
all physician groups should be allowed to run their own mini hospitals .
i will never , never use this facility or its urgent care centers .
chandler urgent care said this is their billing practice .
i would advice everyone to not use these facilities .
i am still fighting them about this bill but they do n't care !
i would put negative _num_ stars if i was able to !
that was the worst hospital experience i have ever had !
when you got in , you could n't even speak ! ''
in the end he could n't find the cause of my chest pain .
the medication the doctor prescribed me damaged my nerve system and liver .
this was the worst visit to an urgent care i have ever been to .
nothing urgent about this place .
they billed it as an emergency room visit .
it was ridiculous .
go to hell chandler regional .
as a result , the nurse did n't have adequate room to work in .
we left _num_ hours after we got there and never saw a doctor .
conclusion - waste of time and money .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
worst hospital ever !
needless to say this poor practice is exactly why i left the medical field .
the only reason this is getting one star is because the staff was friendly .
the gentleman dennis at the front desk informed us this was not true .
avoid this hospital if you can .
but i have no insurance .
i have been suffering since this whole ordeal began three months ago today .
i am sick and tired of being sick and tired .
too bad i did n't have an expert iv nurse working on me .
i received a ct scan after several hours , which i understand is standard .
the visit continued to be awful .
but , no ... .
not here .
this place was disgusting !
the ed leaves a lot to be desired .
my baby and i were put under unnecessary stress .
i filed a complaint with the director of nursing , which was handled promptly .
i wish i could remember her name .
my experiences with chandler have not been too great .
this is not that kind of complaint about the hospital .
just wait until you leave and get your bill .
then all hell breaks loose .
for two separate visits , i had two separate bills ( obviously ) .
i was carrying all the patients stuff instead of being given a bag .
nothing is consistent .
of course he refused .
she did one visit and passed me with flying colors .
when my other the son was sick .
the nurse asked me if he was on any medications .
so , prove that nurse wrong .
chandler regional is not a great er .
they are a horrific er .
yes , patients are admitted and they get access to medical care .
nobody seems to be involved in improving the patient experience .
not at chandler regional .
patients that had no idea i had been there for over _num_ hours .
waiting that long for a basic procedure makes one desperate .
they will warn you that insurance may not cover the bill .
sure , there are great doctors and nurses here just like any hospital .
so shame to dignity health for allowing a hospital to operate in this manner .
just my $ _num_ .
worst experience at a hospital ever .
nursing staff was rude and condescending towards it 's patients .
if you need to go to an emergency room do n't go here !
it was crowded and awful , i would avoid going here ever again .
the nursing staff is incompetent .
would not go back to this er .
super ridiculous long waits .
i left the hospital in tears in worse pain then i arrived .
department is a hot mess !
never did , i even asked for her .
worst experience ever .
the doctor had recommended that she stop her antibiotics , which is stupid .
my mom stayed behind because jasmine was scared .
we left and will not be back .
an iv was put into my hand and i was given some medications .
it also stated that i left without my test results .
i had no idea whatsoever that i had left without test results !
no one told me i would be seeing an out of network provider .
i no longer trust chandler hospital .
these dr 's and nurses are not properly trained .
_num_ hours in the er with no answers is unacceptable .
zero compassion .
i have never seen such a poorly run hospital .
but overall staff is horrible .
they do n't check in .
the rooms are so small you ca n't even have _num_ people in it .
i checked in to get treatment for this issue .
i told them that i had no job and no insurance .
they gave me no medication and did not admit me .
i will never go to the emergency room again unless i am dying .
this was just to charge more money .
i need to sue them for fraud at the bare minimum .
worst hospital experience ever !
staff unfriendly and the wait time is unbearable !
the worst hospital i have ever been to .
if i could give it zero stars i would !
stomach bug probably .
well that night which was last night things went from bad to worse .
( this place clearly does not give their patients privacy nor dignity ! )
signed one very unhappy mom !
i called _num_ because our son was in a altered state .
they would n't listen to me the parent on what was going on .
they did a ct scan of his head found nothing .
the lab results showed nothing of the sort .
why would a er doctor lie to us ?
i was in extreme pain and made to sit in the lobby .
she knew i did n't get them , bad sign .
be warned do not ever come here .
they told me if symptoms got worse come back .
he spoke to me as if i were a two year old .
she said well then just get more pain meds .
by the time the pa showed up i was crying .
i went to chandler regional hospital with my mother .
i took her in again and the service i received was just terrible .
it took the hospital staff over _num_ hours to clean it up .
shame so close to getting five stars .
zero stars for her .
please do n't ever come this hospital it sucks .
i will never come back here again unless i 'm on my death bed .
i should not have been so quick to accept the opinion of his friend .
i am still paying off the balance nearly _num_ years later .
my left arm is about _num_ % functional .
what a waste of time !
there was n't .
so freaking ridiculous !
drove across town for nothing !
so freaking rude and a waste of my time !
i was in the hospital back in february to give birth to my daughter .
none of those things actually happened .
it was a horrible experience .
however , the billing department is full of absolute morons .
absolute worst hospital i 've ever been to .
avoid this hospital if possible .
no stars !
this place is a joke !
then told to bad this is it .
it 's a horrible situation here !
avoid it !
my dad was there _num_ days .
he hated every day there .
the food is gross and they are way understaffed .
the er has been hit or miss for my family .
the b wing of the hospital is the worst !
they have a lot of traveling nurses and nurses that are just plain overworked .
the cafeteria is a big disappointment and is filthy .
i hate to say it but a lot of the hospital is filthy .
wait out turn in er .
my husbands pain gets so bad he ca n't even sit in a chair .
at this time it 's not as bad .
he spent twenty minutes in pain waiting for room .
here 's my edit to add on .
but here goes another review .
i was given a choice of other hospitals but made this terrible mistake .
i have no complaints with the er .
never did get a wash bowl and soap .
i had frequent blood work and the last one was the worst .
the nurse took over and had no trouble .
called the nurse to shut it off and no one showed up .
very disappointed with the hospital .
the dr then proceeded to roll his eyes and say , `` really ?
the dr refused to do it .
gave my son a script and sent us on our way .
what a waste of time and money .
stay away from this hospital .
the place was chaotic and my nephew felt ignored at times while in pain .
the place is a maze , older , fairly dingy .
the room was incredibly small .
i had to sit on the sink to visit with him .
just nasty attitudes .
this is not the first time this has happened to me and my family .
nothing else so i was like ok ?
it was n't busy nor was there an emergency or anything .
i feel bad for some of the nurses and doctors who are actually great .
i was not impressed with their management either .
absolute worse experience i have ever had with a doctor 's office .
she seemed to care less and wasted my time .
do not waste your time .
really horrible , and sad .
rip-off !
nothing seems fresh and the flavors are very weak .
last time there the silverware , glasses and tea cups were dirty .
heard its closed , not surprised .
what a shame !
sorry , this place closed about a year ago !
do n't go here unless you have to .
if you have any options go elsewhere .
train your phone reps or tell me to simply look elsewhere .
way big mistake .
i knew this was going to be ugly .
now we seem to consistently get women who ca n't cut straight .
the latest one was particularly helpful and provided useful advice .
felt awkward and uncomfortable .
time ( one hour ) while dentist took my appt .
had to get a few fillings replaced , old silver one for white one .
the scheduling staff and management are very rude .
that office is complete shit .
i have had the very worst experience with them .
would not help me at all .
i really hate this place .
do n't waste your time or money here .
it 's been a nightmare .
rip-off artists .
and , this dental assistant was very rude .
she wrote the wrong info down about what work my son needed done !
very unorganized and behind the times , as far as the office is ran .
i agree with the other reviews , they are rip off artists .
horrible , horrible experience .
i have been terrified of going to the dentist for years after going here .
after $ _num_ i stopped them and started asking questions .
they just filled my mouth full of holes .
in total , they quoted us over $ _num_ worth of dental work .
save yourself , stay away from these people .
they blamed my doctor so i called him .
they had not sent the paperwork until one day earlier .
they wo n't put me on hold .
secondly they do n't have their insurance down .
management does n't care about the staffs work load or the patients wait time .
under staffed under trained and over worked .
as long as they get you through to get their insurance money .
the whole vibe of the place was just very negative .
the wait time was n't bad though to get sent back .
cold cheap domestic beer in a strip mall dive .
terrible service .
the liquor you order may not be what 's on the label .
if i could give no stars , i would .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the booze is watered down !
i am not making this up .
still the same well garbage .
i have been drinking crown for _num_ years .
she is just the worst .
i would rather hang out with my ex wife .
and the hotel would not be covered .
they stated pet stains on the carpet .
worse property company ever .
by far the worst property management company i have ever dealt with .
do not go to this company for anything !
here it is _num_ weeks later and no return call yet .
i dont know how this place is still in business .
they cost around $ _num_ depending on type of frames .
they normally have friendly and knowledgeable staffs there and never had any problems before .
i will not give them any more business and will not be going back .
i used to pay $ _num_ to replace nose pads on my sunglasses here .
total rip off !
unfortunately , that changed recently with new owners .
tonight , that all changed .
unfortunately about a month or so ago that changed along with their entire menu .
everything was kind of bland , soggy , and gross .
is it me or is most chinese food seemingly ordered by numbers ?
well sadly the prior visit seemed to be the par that has been set .
the food is not nearly as good as it used to be .
i wo n't be going back .
general tso 's chicken i 'll miss you .
drove through and took it home and was very disappointed .
we hardly ate any of the food and threw the leftovers away .
i was quickly greeted when i walked in and they were very friendly .
the quantity of food was small in comparison to my previous experiences .
the chicken was just so , blah .
no complaints on that part .
worst experience and i did n't even need to leave me home .
will never be ordering from them again .
i had n't been here in a while i moved further se .
walked in .
disappointed in the war wonton soup .
too salty .
normally this is my go to place for chinese .
went and got the orange chicken and chicken and broccoli .
very , very bland .
no flavor .
maybe they just gave up .
besides , i am not impressed with her bedside manner .
used to be the only store and i never had a problem with it .
but the selection of fresh produce is lacking and the meat is really mediocre .
not great but better for sure .
she argued with me till i asked for a manager .
i would like to know where they get these people .
i am wasting my time going any further .
how incredibly nasty !
i wish i had n't ordered already .
so this was not an isolated incident .
i had to rush right home and shower !
pita jungle in general gets _num_ stars , this location gets _num_ .
the loud music on the weekend is annoying .
the food is too bland for me .
it tastes like diet food .
made the mistake of sitting on the patio once .
i went here for dinner tonight and had a horrible experience .
one of the worst hummus plates ive ever tasted .
service was slow but the overall atmosphere was okay .
my boyfriend had the pita pizza which was very dry .
it was too dry .
my fiance and i went there for an anniversary dinner on a friday night .
after _num_ minutes of that , we left .
same setup as all the other pita jungle restaurants .
staff sucks , except for the hostess .
i could n't believe it .
sad face for howard , beef gyro for me .
i wished they served duck because that would have been hilarious .
it must have been a survey because she never came back .
no , not yet .
do n't expect to be wowed too much .
_num_ star for the horrible to go service .
well pita jungle is consistent -- on horrible service .
the hostess who took my order on the phone was very rude .
after placing my order , i asked for the total .
she rudely responded `` i do n't have it front of me . ''
picking up the order was another ordeal of rude service !
we ordered _num_ items , _num_ of which were wrong .
the salads were for my vegetarian friends , and i 'm allergic to chicken .
sorry , try again .
there is only so much wrong that baklava can right .
in the meantime , i suggest you try to get it together down there .
so we avoid it like the plague .
however , the service is very spotty and hit and miss .
or maybe my waitress just sucked .
wo n't be coming back to this one anytime soon .
then why does the menu state it has guacamole ?
i was told , most locations do , but this one does n't .
that , i believe , is completely unacceptable .
first of all the service here was slower than slow .
the funny thing was that the restaurant was empty .
second of all my salad was bland and completely flavorless .
oh and do n't get those garlic potatoes .
my family was seriously running away from me .
lets just say that i 'm never coming back to this place .
the music played in the background by the band is annoying and overpowering .
i suggest going there instead !
person on the phone said they do not take reservations .
she said she would let someone know .
i took 3-4 bites and had dragon 's breath immediately .
ruined it for me .
went for dinner on weekday the food was below par .
a little disappointed since i was expected better .
bartender however was very unprofessional .
last time , it was missing the cucumbers .
my least favorite pita jungle location throughout the valley .
wont be visiting this location again .
thanks for serving me rotten artichoke .
this place is either great or horrible .
it could possibly be most inconsistent restaurant i have ever gone too .
the manager comes over and apologies but does n't comp the meal .
and doesnt assure me it will never happen again .
no kidding they are not all rotten .
maybe we just had an `` off '' experience ... it happens .
i have to wonder why we bother coming back .
the service is hit or miss .
if there 's any plus , it 's the back patio overlooking the lake .
our appetizer was served by a runner and another runner served our entrees .
she quickly responded , `` oh yes .
she acknowledged that i had ordered wine and left to go get the glass .
it is a soup , but it tasted very watery .
there were no apologies and no attempts to fix the situation .
the pita bread served with it was cold and stale !
the woman who takes the orders for take out food was horrible .
she was so rude .
and the manager on duty was not nice either .
even the manager was terrible .
do n't eat here .
they could care less about their customers and my meal was not that good .
sometimes the meals are good and sometimes they are awful !
no consistency at this restaurant and horrible employees !
only once out of the last seven times was the experience timely .
good food but the worst service on the planet .
they ran out of plates and ran out of glasses .
unbelievable .
i wo n't be back .
my pita was literally just meat , it looked like a ground beef taco .
it was soaked in grease and soggy .
the meat was also dry overcooked .
i love pita jungle !
but this location was such a disappointment .
it took me a good _num_ minutes of driving around .
not exaggerating .
but it took _num_ minutes to be acknowledged by someone .
probably wo n't go again .
hummus was not good .
they kept forgetting to bring us our beverages & it was annoying .
they have messed up my delivery _num_ times !
is it true there is a _num_ beer limit ?
she asked for another beer and was told there is a _num_ beer limit .
came for dinner tonight waited _num_ minutes and no one came to our table .
not impressed .
my meal took _num_ minutes .
ugh .
i have never seen deep fried home fries before .
i had a stomach ache for about _num_ hours after eating here .
the country potatoes were the best part and my pepsi .
biscuits + white sausage gravy should = delicous .
not here .
sorry to say i did n't enjoy my dining experience here .
the food filled the void but had no flavor .
altogether everything was pretty much disappointing .
she did n't look at me , and did n't greet me either .
she grabbed _num_ menus and started walking over to a booth .
i sat down and brushed her shitty service off .
i had a veggie skillet with _num_ eggs over medium , instead of scrambled .
the eggs were under cooked for over medium .
everything was bland .
was extremely polite and gave great customer service .
there were a few problems with our visit .
grilled cheese for $ _num_ ?
it was n't tasty or high quality .
i turned around and saw it was inches away from me .
lauren , you are too good for that place .
wrong .
not here .
waste of _num_ bucks !
too bad you ca n't give no stars as they earned it .
so it was off to another restaurant that would appreciate our money .
it was n't the greatest food .
the prices was way too high .
not appetizing to say the least .
all four of the meals that my party had were substandard .
answer : bad .
my german chocolate cake just made me sad .
but i wo n't be back .
not only that but the floors were very grimy .
burgers were _num_ and up .
the only one under $ _num_ was without cheese .
i did n't want to be embarrassed so we stayed .
you get your choice of cheese and i asked for cheddar .
( and why the long wait ?
but otherwise , from our experience , everything else needs work .
however , i wish it had been cleaner .
the food was only barely passable , very bland and not worth another visit .
i give it a low rating because from the start it was n't good .
this place was dirty & just a negative vibe from the start .
please do n't waste your time .
longest wait & worst service .
it 's not worth it .
why accept new patients if you have a very long wait time ?
gross .
they never answer their phone and they hardly speak english .
worst experiences of my life .
... as long as the ( i 'm assuming ) manager is n't there .
and you should n't be yelling at fully grown adults .
took us more than fifteen minutes to check out each time .
it 's really sad because i usually always go there but not anymore .
but because i have , i feel confident in my low score .
how long does it seriously take to put cream cheese on a bagel ?
secondly , i do n't love their food that takes _num_ hours to make .
the sandwhich combinations are n't the best .
i am not going back .
i mean it this time .
does it really take _num_ people out of _num_ to prepare one order .
do n't get me wrong .
this place has the worst customer service ever .
the employees would rather be doing anything , but helping customers .
convenient but poor service .
first they got my order wrong ( # _num_ breakfast combo ) .
as soon as i saw it , i poured it out .
plus they serve egg sandwiches and there 's no ketchup ?
overall an unpleasant experience .
this location really gives bagel places a bad name .
this morning i literally walked out when i was online .
secondly , i do n't love their food that takes _num_ hours to make .
i am not going back .
i mean it this time .
this location is very disappointing .
cut was not even and there is a black edge on the bagel .
i went twice in one week and both time they screwed up my order .
the second , it was bad .
what i got instead was a pumpkin bagel .
talk about a disgusting mess .
this place has had enough chances to earn my business - i 'm done !
will not come back to this location .
this place has really has the worst customer service !
the manager and his staff are rude and obnoxious .
horrible customer service everytime .
rude and very slow .
horrible service ' !
slowest service in chandler .
the staff are incredibly slow and just ca n't be bothered .
this location is a huge disappointment .
they looked right at me and did nothing so i left .
it was so weird .
very poor service .
if you do n't want my money no problem i 'll take it elsewhere .
issue that needs to be addressed .
terrible service , unfriendly employees .
today they reached the limit , i ordered a veggie hummus sandwich bagel to-go .
not even plain .
nor could i simply get a refund .
so i 'm out , you win einstein bagel of chandler .
i 'm sure no one cared .
worst customer service i have ever received .
he could n't wait _num_ seconds for his break ?
this location is awful .
my husbands breakfast sandwich was cold .
i was given the wrong bagel and it was stale .
do not recommend this location .
otherwise , i would go elsewhere .
rather disappointed in this location .
and my kids and i walked out .
only giving _num_ star due to the kindness of the girl at the register .
they do n't close for _num_ hours .
yet they are super slow and hardly have any bagels .
stopped in since i was in the area not pleased at all .
the over all customer service was horrible .
yes chewing gum disgusting .
this is a breakfast place where people need to head to work .
her response , nothing .
so confusing !
terrible way to start my lovely friday morning .
terrible terrible terrible .
unfortunately they were very slow in getting out orders .
i ordered two breakfast sandwiches and waited almost _num_ minutes .
even after that , i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes .
as restaurants go , they suck .
as sub shops go , they are really below average .
if you have other options , i suggest taking them .
so i was n't able to answer when the dentist called me .
renee literally argued with me for about _num_ minutes and was very unprofessional .
i have never dealt with such horrible service from an entire office .
it is very clear that this establishment does n't !
terrible customer service .
called to check on an item , guy who answered the phone was rude .
very very poor customer service .
i walked in this store the first time and the employees just ignored me .
i returned about _num_ minutes later to buy a hat .
he just looked at me .
he just pointed to the register .
completely rude .
i did not make a purchase , nor will i ever .
very unprofessional and weird .
truly awful steaks !
bad cuts , bad cooking !
why did my steak taste like fuel ?
why could n't i cut it with my knife ?
when i worked in retail my paycheck was spent before i got paid .
$ _num_ coupon for a feast .
i lost it and started laughing .
why is n't she talking to us ?
this is so weird .
you did n't get all of that .
it just says you do but you do n't .
the food ended up being nasty .
probably one of the worst meals ive ever had .
if wal-mart ran a restaurant , this would be it .
i think the place has gone downhill .
prime rib was way overcooked and fatty .
veggies were mushy .
i would give them _num_ stars if i could .
their steak is either overcooked ( one time it was burnt !
unacceptable !
is n't complimentary bread included in the overall cost of the food ?
stay away from their side caesar salad !
the margarita i ordered was poorly made .
yeah it was gross ... like mcdonald 's chicken is better .
probably wo n't return .
even with a good coupon this place was not worth it .
this was not the `` dinner for two '' .
they looked like thin pieces of top sirloin .
it was simply a way to `` get through it '' .
he never came back and neither will we .
the bill was $ _num_ .
no wonder there were very few cars in the parking lot .
the menu was horrible .
the cheese was thin and flat .
there was not one pasta choice .
i do n't care to go to a restaurant to be served garbage .
that might explain why the place was almost empty on a sunday evening .
service was generally poor and we waited forever for our order to come out .
burger was ok just ok .
as of this writing i have not received any further communication from him .
i could not cut prime rib with steak knife did bring another .
worse than first .
been waiting _num_ min for _num_ sirloin steak .
just not a good experience .
waited a long time for our food and the service was lackluster .
personally , i thought his prime rib was a little salty .
very disappointing !
i will not be coming back , absolutely lost a customer .
worst servers ever .
ruined ruined by staff .
did not check in on us , drinks took _num_ min .
i would strongly suggest go somewhere else for any special occasion .
this time was poor !
poor management !
i do n't know if we will be back .
first , the waitress was not very friendly or interactive .
she was late on refills as well .
i had the baby back ribs and they were good , not great .
overall would have been a much better review rating had there been adequate service .
would not recommend this location .
we 've gone to other black angus 's and this is not even close .
the restaurant was clean , but outdated .
i have not been to black angus in about maybe _num_ or _num_ years .
there were just a few tables in there dining .
however , the first thing i noticed was how high the prices all are .
this is not the black angus i remember .
our server was not interested in waiting on us at all .
i promise , they were not busy in there at all .
the dishes were very plain , almost looked plastic .
the tables were not set high end at all .
but , i thought it was priced too high .
was not appealing at all .
we had to wait far too long for our bill as well .
i hate to write bad reviews but this one has to be written .
my husband and i were just sitting there looking around .
after _num_ minutes of waiting i told my husband we were leaving .
he was very apologetic and gave me a gift card .
i replied umm no thanks im almost done .
she did n't apologize .
the loaded baked potatoe was so dry and stiff .
this is the worst ups store i have ever been to .
when it was my turn , i was shipping out a prepaid box .
i always ship with ups but this has made me second guess my choice .
it took way too long .
nothing helpful or polite .
do n't waste your time going here .
why is my package in another state ?
each encounter i had with the staff from then on was beyond horrible .
boy was i wrong .
other than than everything about this place is worse than it was .
the coffee is worse .
and the prices are more expensive .
if you 're looking for a noisy after party hangout , this 'll do .
if you want good coffee in a comfortable environment - avoid .
unfortunately the management at coffee rush kills the experience .
wi-fi is n't really free .
if you do n't you get kicked out by the unfriendly staff .
bad staff .
bad customer experience .
i thought the coffee was average at best .
unfortunately , their customer service is completely lacking and i wo n't be back .
it 's pathetic !
i 'd rather go spend my money elsewhere with much better customer service !
why would i give money to a place where i am treated so badly ?
and , do n't bother contacting management , they will ignore you .
i am all for supporting local businesses , but not this place .
he has an urge to tell off atleast one person per hour !
and he is racist .
i just picked up my stuff and left .
disappointed with the bitter coffee and less than desirable ambiance .
it is loud and uncomfortable inside .
you can tell that totally did not sit well with me .
i found that annoying and definitely a con to getting lattes at this place .
sorry , but i 've experienced better .
cons : coffee is ok nothing special .
it 's the same crap every week , baklava and other really sugary things .
wish they had sandwiches or some real food besides sweets .
if you go early in the mornings you tend to avoid these people .
they do n't like you hanging around for too long .
there was a greasy barista talking to a customer in the lobby .
my plan was to get _num_ pastries to take to work .
no attempted hand washing or anything .
i walked out to the lake to a bunch of dirty tables and left .
the music is way too loud to read .
friendly barista but the place is dirty and rundown .
the staff here was rude , almost like annoyed .
the wifi is useless as well .
i ca n't believe i just had this conversation in this day and age .
needless to say i left without a coffee .
unimpressed with the customer service at this location .
i feel like she does not understand what it takes to create repeat customers .
i will not be returning to this establishment .
customer service has gone down hill !
that is not how customer service works !
how tacky and rude can you be ?
i will not go back to this coffee house .
i have never had such bad service in my life .
first off : the coffee stinks .
but there are plenty of other reasons to avoid coffee rush .
but no : it was styrofoam .
if you want water , there are large styrofoam cups for it .
it was very unprofessional .
there 's no need to be green , when you can be ghetto .
nothing better than anywhere else .
stick to coffee bean just a mile away .
_num_ strikes and your out .
strike _num_ : very slow wifi .
not sure why they would allow all that smoking .
it 's unbearable !
however , many times the seating is full of smokers which i find disgusting .
in addition the quality of the coffee is disappointing .
some baristas made it okay and others made it awful .
i was meeting a friend for coffee and she was running late .
i had n't got a drink because i already had to much caffeine .
i got a shot of espresso and kindly walked my self outta there .
my first time here and i will not be back !
first , guy at the counter was not helpful nor friendly .
it was horrible .
too sweet and did not taste like coffee .
i just did n't want one right now .
this place sucked !
i regret leaving them a tip .
horrible wifi .
unfortunately not a nice one .
as if he was trying to remind me to get a drink .
i recommended this place to so many people i 'm never recommending them again .
we walked down to coffee rush because it was right around the corner .
it 's the most ridiculous thing ever !
i regret going here !
they 're cheap , i 'll give them that .
this makes pei wei look gourmet .
i tried the wonton soup and the szechuan style dumplings .
how is this place getting all these positive reviews ?
ok so i guess i 'm the odd one out here .
no draft mex beers .
ok food just not the kind of mexican food i like .
theirs were the kind of generic chips you can get anywhere .
the atmosphere was kinda of weird .
just not a place i will make a regular stop .
the second bad experience was the food poisoning that we got from the tamales .
horrible !
it 's not bad , but it 's nothing special either .
i went in on sunday for a late lunch with _num_ other people .
the waitress was very friendly but the service was spotty .
beans overcooked .
server was horrible .
avoid this place .
dont waste ur $ .
surely not a place i will be dying to go to again .
was n't that busy ... maybe just an off night for her .
really ca n't scratch off a place due to a miss on service .
so completely overpriced for just your standard mexican fare .
couple that with the fact that they charge you $ _num_ for plate splitting .
you 'd almost get the impression they really do n't want you there .
i 'm sure there are better options in the area to find .
my bill came to _num_ dollars for _num_ adult entrees and a kids entree .
not so much .
ok green chile , although they need a medium green option .
on the other hand i like the more modern style mexican restaurants myself .
i feel like i 'm back in junior high school .
in conclusion , i will probably never go to this restaurant ever again .
i usually just get take out nowadays if i decide to stop by .
i 've been on the look out for good mexican food closer to home .
my experience was far from positive .
service was terrible .
seems to me that should be the other way around .
the rest of my party was served their food about _num_ minutes before mine .
that is also unacceptable .
after all of this , the food was sub-par .
the only person who mostly enjoyed their food had ordered a chicken quesadilla .
they also charge $ _num_ for a second helping of chips and salsa .
still `` not feeling it .
this restaurant was not a _num_ by any means .
the salsa was nothing special .
the food was mediocre .
i would not visit this place again .
not cool .
i went here because the reviews were good but i was very disappointment .
however , the food was very bland and i thought it was overpriced .
terrible sanitary condition .
unbelievable .
it 's very hard to understand why this place gets good reviews .
sure it 's not expensive , but i expect better quality for that price .
there are way better mexican restaurants .
the food was ... bland , and boring .
this was my number _num_ choice for dinner .
not a fan so unfortunately i left empty handed .
will never understand why people feel the need to do that .
seated immediately , and our server was polite and attentive .
no booze ; just two iced teas .
your first bowl of chips is complimentary ; additional bowls are $ _num_ .
the rellenos were soggy , and very little spice .
what a bust , skip it .
it not worth the money .
there no heart or passion in the food .
for new mexico food , visit the state of new mexico for the food .
have n't been there in almost three years up until today .
this place is awful !
dirty and poor management and customer service !
nothing to write home about .
did i mention that it tasted like cheap margarita mix and no alcohol ?
my grandma would be horrified if she had been there .
bland , boring , room temperature and did not remind me of home .
your margaritas are pathetic and you need to step those up as well .
very disappointing .
the enchilada sauce was basically just tomato sauce .
i could n't even finish it .
my husband and i ate here once , that was enough .
very americanized , bland , `` mexican '' food .
the food was absolutely _num_ stars , but the service was terrible !
we waited , but no water , chips , or menus arrived .
like my soda refill , the tortillas never showed up .
the check totaled about $ _num_ for the three of us .
however i was not a huge fan of their food .
the biggest problem is with the flavor of the food .
worst service ever !
but tonight , not so great .
it looked frosty at the time it was on the cart .
everything was slow tonight .
cleaning crew did n't even pick up the tables too .
the first two times i would have rated them with _num_ stars .
this last time i am being generous with _num_ stars .
the food was mediocre but the drinks were good .
service was slow .
the rice had absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
my husband had ordered a chimi and it was soggy .
i really like the salsa selections with the chips .
so the appointment system does not work !
not happy at all .
she told me no and told me to give my groupon to someone else .
she seemed annoyed i had a groupon and was taken to a back room .
it was not relaxing at all .
i was very disappointed and wo n't recommend this place .
not cool .
it just does n't make any sense .
regardless of this , the selection of movies online was extremely lacking .
it sucks .
no call the next day , or the day after or the day after .
sure , my fault for putting in with the cox stuff .
this is not about the store it is about cox via telephone .
there was no account for cox corporate .
is that music as annoying to everybody else as it is to me ?
avoid at all costs if you can .
dish or direct tv has better customer service and cheaper rates .
i shut off cable and am using internet for tv now .
they did n't bother to ask why or fight for me as a customer .
as soon as i find a better wifi service , i 'm out entirely !
cox is getting out of hand with their fees .
these people are incompetent and do not own up to their mistakes .
now i have to fix up their mess .
first of all the address on your website leads customers to an old location .
if i could give no stars i would .
he sat on the phone for _num_ minutes before a human answered .
do not get cox phone service .
do not get cox phone service .
terrible .
not helpful at all .
i do not recommend cox services to anyone .
been with cox _num_ years and they charged me $ _num_ .
i know , _num_ years with no other options for service .
i like cox cable over but the service here needs a big adjustment !
customer service is a joke .
yes , i just talked to you _num_ min ago about the same issue .
you guessed it , no installer showed .
turns out the salesperson did n't order the install .
problem is , they do n't answer the phone at the store .
lousy service .
i had better service with direct tv .
no help at all - i gave up .
for this review i would give no stars if i could .
worst customer service i 've had at a tech store .
after _num_ minutes of waiting thru this nonsense i walked out .
he tried selling me a suit and said it would be worth the money .
please beware and do n't ignore these complaints like i did .
there are other negative reviews out there if you look .
not a single one was the right length that i asked .
it was very expensive , but he seemed competent .
on the phone he offered me a full refund ( $ _num_ ) .
instead he offered me a deal on another suit .
there 's nothing special about this place .
horrible customer service .
very disappointed , will never return .
again , i explained i just needed a hem .
needless to say , i wo n't be going back .
i would avoid the guy if you have anything worth value .
no apology given after the mess .
been here _num_ times and was disappointed after the 3rd visit .
strike _num_ .
strike _num_ .
no customers ahead of me , just told me that it was almost ready .
strike _num_ .
first , measurements we 're off .
too pricey when you can find the same fabric online or elsewhere for less .
and i agree with a previous review , the help is not friendly .
in fact , the owner was down right arrogant .
it 's a shame that rudeness ruins a business .
after today i refuse to go back .
when we walked in there was no greeting .
when we had questions she seemed bothered , and very unhelpful .
clearly she did not need our business .
none of the social media pages reflect this .
it 's a shame because i wasted a trip .
guess i should n't have assumed it would still be in business .
the sick child was running around touching stuff & playing .
on my son 's first visit he was _num_ days old .
i am so glad i transferred care when i did .
my complaint and decision to switch offices came after a bill we received .
my _num_ year old went in with an ear ache .
this is ridiculous !
this charge is a bit off the charts .
no wonder doctors make so much money .
it 's not the expertise necessarily , it 's things like this .
overall , for the $ _num_ i paid i was very disappointed .
not worth the money .
will not be going back !
never going to go back !
are you freaking kidding me ?
so gross !
other then that , i will not be coming back to eat here .
we left very unsatisfied !
chunky but not spicy !
a mexican place that doesnt serve hot salsa ?
i looked at my husbands tacos and they just looked so sad and empty .
thats some crap you see at taco bell !
not this crap !
the carne was super small cut up it looked like lengua .
it was obvious that it was microwaved and thrown in some sauce .
i did n't finish it , and did n't save it for left overs .
service was horrible .
walked in and several people were eating the menudo .
ordered my menudo with iced tea and my toasted bread .
so i added more crushed chili and salt .
yup , i was very disappointed .
not smokey like burnt taste .
but it was made to taste smokey .
my tea was horrible .
i give this place thumbs down !
man , this place cost me a ton of money and did crappy work .
they could never get my tires balanced .
they do not even stand behind they 're work .
walked out with no work and went to another brake masters on ray rd .
paid _num_ dollars to machine the rotors .
i would not recommend this location !
for the cost of the service provided i would not recommend this place .
if there was a rating of negative stars , i 'd use them .
brought my car in for a simple oil change and tire rotation .
i sat in the waiting room for almost two hours while they did this .
it was just due for an oil change , albeit slightly overdue .
sorry brake masters , get better or get gone .
this company offers very poor customer service .
a few weeks ago , i took my car in to be serviced .
i did n't break it _num_ .
my car was in their care while it was being serviced _num_ .
because brake masters wo n't give that .
i will not be returning to this location .
every other location still has the paper cups at _num_ oz .
choose another location unless you appreciate being ripped off and possibly lied to .
on another visit , i was told that my results would take two weeks .
why would they not tell me this when i booked the appointment ?
i just want to be healthy .
every time i show up to my doctors appt .
next , i live _num_ min away and make this drive .
this is for the warner location however i can not find it on here .
uh because my doctor told me i needed to come in ?
overall the experience here has been rough .
she also did not have the skill to find them while checking .
the call never comes .
the worst experience i ever had .
just the worst experience from this doctors office !
this is the only office i have visited .
when i arrived for the ultrasound there was no one even in the office .
oh and the walls in the patient rooms are very thin .
horrible business practice .
i was not even late to my appt .
response time to patient requests is slow and the staff doctor was non-existent .
convenient location but not recommended .
if i could give them zero stars , i would .
the sink in her bathroom leaked , leaving the bathroom floor constantly wet .
she was supposed to be there for at least a month .
medications not delivered on schedule .
i would give this place zero stars if i could .
well we were very wrong !
anyway this is just a summary of how things were for us .
so disappointed !
the food is gross !
she hated this place .
the dim sum was pretty tasty the first time i went .
stick with the dim sum .
was the service rude and uncaring ?
dinner here was much better .
that 's where i 'll be sticking to from now on .
dim sum is pretty bad .
i have never tried such bad dim sum in my life before .
service is not that good too .
china king is above average but it is not in my favorite list .
my husband and i both got sick after eating here .
i was looking forward to steamed veggies , but they did n't have any .
so , i ate some shrimp spring rolls and sampled others .
maybe it was the coconut bread .
i could n't help myself ; it was super tasty !
anyway , i ate that happily .
not of this place but of the super healthy veggie .
i 've been to take out dim sum places that would shame this place .
it 's not because of their foods .
i was at the cashier desk to pay my bill .
the lady at the counter did not know i can understand cantonese .
so there is no need to put tips in the blank tip line .
what a shame on them .
it was all pretty bland .
several years ago , this was the place to grab dim sum .
you can tell easily by the lack of ( asian ) customers .
on a whim , tried it again .
i thought , what the hell is that ?
so beware of that and do n't tip !
the decor is dark , dingy and sort of run down looking .
this was just one instance of the overall poor service we received .
upon arriving the restaurant was dingy and crowded with people waiting .
obviously , they do n't manage seating their patrons very well .
the food was ok , not as good as chinatown in chicago .
their servers were less than friendly and treated us like we were an inconvenience .
i was hungry and craving chinese , so why not i figured .
15-20 minutes is about average so i did n't say boo .
almost every piece had either bones or bone chips in it .
i may or may not give them another shot in the future .
at the moment , i doubt it .
been coming to c fu a couple times a year for years ... .
this xmas we were dissapointed enough that we wont be back !
_num_ % of the food we were served was not even lukewarm .
cold food is unacceptable and owners lack of concern is a concern ... .
ew do n't ever eat dim sum over here .
avoid on weekdays if you want dim sum !
sometimes a cart would go by - a different table .
you could n't drag me in there kicking and screaming on a weekday again .
i was seriously blown away that we were treated with such disrespect .
you can get your dim sum fix and forget about it .
i was invited to a banquet dinner for about _num_ to _num_ people .
why the _num_ stars ?
the service sucked !
they did n't tell you what dish it is when they bring it out .
and you wait forever for refills .
did n't expect to eat in _num_ degree weather .
receptionist has horrible attitude .
we had _num_ people and they refused to put _num_ tables together .
honestly this review is a reality check for this restaurant .
the sauce was runny and not spicy .
did n't really end up eating my courtesy soup after all .
overall , just not really worth it .
it looks like it is falling apart .
disappointed .
gross !
it was just bad .
sorry i wo n't be back .
all the dim sum was a very poor quality .
it tasted and the texture was very cheap ingredients .
the food was greasy and tasteless .
the egg rolls were overcooked but were otherwise pretty standard .
the rangoons were also fine , as far as plain and uninspired rangoons go .
the quail came out next , completely dry .
but crispy , anyway .
`` gourmet '' should not be part of their name .
the selection of dim sum was dismal overall as well .
so for regular entrees , this place is ok .
i used to love coming here for dim sum .
the place was near empty this morning .
i only saw one full cart the whole time .
since this was my friends ' favorite dish , she was left disappointed .
the baked buns are now larger but contain less pork .
worst possible experience .
until then i do not believe i will ever be coming back again .
the pork dumplings were served under cooked and everything was mediocre .
service is extremely slow .
a table came in _num_ min after us has already had their soup .
there does n't seem to be enough workers to cover the entire restaurant .
rule one of restaurant etiquette , control your kids !
there are big problems here .
saw him recently and he was doing well and wish him well .
we came back in early february for dim sum and then a meal .
peter was always around running things .
the restaurant was horribly under staffed .
it 's a chinese restaurant so understandable but it was handled so poorly .
multiple parties walked out because of poor service and nobody cared .
would n't take the chance .
better not to open than serve a bad meal with a bad dining experience .
this was our favorite restaurant especially for dim sum .
however with the change of owners , we will no longer visit this restaurant .
the service was simply horrible .
the food left much to be desired .
the duck was dry and they forgot to serve any sauce with it .
the biggest disappointment was the vegetarian vegetable noodles ( hong kong style ) .
hubby and i just finished our lunch and were disappointed .
dim sum overall were slightly dry around the edges .
i lost my appetite and never went back .
no thanks !
this used to be one of my favorite places for dim sum .
not sure what happened but this place is old and tired .
i got a coconut milk latte and it tasted really weird .
i 've already filed a complaint in bbb because of that .
one year after the service date , i finally knew such bill existed .
the nurse who took my dad back was very rude .
she looks at me and says you ca n't come .
even another patient mentioned that it was rude !
after one month i did not have a confirmed appointment .
i do not recommend center az heart specialist .
after one month i did not have a confirmed appointment .
i do not recommend center az heart specialist .
i went through hell and still do not recommend them .
i try to never go to this store .
i hate the way things are organized .
interesting place but i probably wo n't be going back to eat here .
green bananas can not be found anywhere in the valley .
long story , long recipe .
sprouts market has cheaper prices on produce .
however , you will pay the price for it .
the code is _num_ .
you ca n't tell without you slice it .
poor me !
it turned out that there 's no expired date printed on the box .
lee lee 's stinks .
again , crappy customer service .
rude rude staff !
the people who shop here are definitely rude as well .
for some reason , the chandler location just feels like something is n't right .
i couldnt get past the front of the store to check it out .
as i approached the counter i noticed the meat case was almost completely empty .
i ended up buying two pieces out of the display case .
i have not opened them yet .
what a mess .
first off , you could hardly see through the glass .
plus , prices seem more expensive .
the most disappointing part is their customer service .
its frustrating .
i avoid this store unless i need something specific .
they have no brazilian in this store !
we 've shopped here on and off for several years .
not so much anymore .
that ca n't be good for business .
i wonder if they 've stopped going to lee lee 's too .
came here with high expectations , but was extremely disappointed .
you guys need an inventory control system .
i do n't know is never an acceptable answer to a customer !
instead , she walked out in full blown tears and with yellow hair .
needless to say , my family will not be going back there .
avoid this place !
nothing .
my money was stolen out of my purse .
i asked politely for my mo eye back and she got very upset .
i paid $ _num_ for the service and gave a $ _num_ tip .
she did n't even thank me .
avoid avoid avoid !
however , unlike my first birth , this was much quicker .
i was unable to make it out the door .
do n't think i 'll be back .
actually _num_ stars .
so another _num_ minutes there .
i took my truck there _num_ times and it still was n't fixed right .
this place is terrible !
total bull .
just brakes ... just stinks !
just brakes corporate would be mortified if they saw what i saw .
wished i would have read the reviews before i stopped in .
wish i could rate no stars !
in this case , that is what drove me away .
that was the only positive experience i had .
i was stunned , i tell him i do n't have that much money .
i think crash , burn and die . ''
disappointing .
i went in to get my rear brakes replaced for $ _num_ .
ended up getting inconsistent stories from two mechanics .
went from $ _num_ to over a $ _num_ .
`` fool me once ... '' so no .
it 's places like this that give other respectable auto shops a bad name .
i did n't get it all done that day .
these prices seem to be all over the place to me .
my estimated total was _num_ plus tax , he had said .
lol i think not .
just do the work and give me my car back .
never go to just brakes .
almost no one .
hard and flavorless , it was utterly unacceptable .
tasted like there was no vinegar or seasoning whatsoever .
the place was packed , which was unbelievable .
life 's too short to eat bad sushi , people !
the sushi was bland with a lot of rice .
too much rice .
it was just about all you could taste .
i had a hard time getting my mouth around some of the pieces .
before ninja was not bad .
excuse me ?
anyway , the sushi itself was about as flavorful as a ten dollar bill .
at least the sake is cheap and good .
its so bad that my friends and i avoid rolls with it .
worst sushi i 've ever had .
sorry folks , it 's az , just go to ra or kona .
not a good sign .
the food was n't that great .
i was n't impressed at all ... probably wo n't be back .
ugh the sushi is terrible here !
there is no flavor and its dry !
went there tonight .
worst sushi i have ever had .
the place was busy , but not packed & there was no wait .
completely unacceptable !
las vegas roll - not the best i 've had , but good .
the service was pretty bad and half of my meal was cold .
sad !
it was my bf and i first time at ninja 's .
the place was empty , we were greeted by a very sweet waitress .
we look at it but nothing sounds appetizing .
i gave our waiter our groupon and it came down to $ _num_ .
i look at the order sheet and some was n't cross off .
he did n't enjoy them anyway .
needless to say , i wo n't be coming back .
unfortunately that all ended a couple of months ago .
what was different was that i did n't recognize any of the sushi chefs .
all you can eat is only significant if you can actually get some food .
simply ca n't be done .
so anyone can have a bad night .
this time it was a thursday and the room was nearly empty .
i was wrong .
and in a repeat of our last visit , the service was also pathetic .
if you go , you 've got to try the _num_ roll .
it is a staffing problem , not a food problem .
in all these years , i 've never had it there .
my boyfriend and i had a groupon for this place .
felt like the only thing that was fresh was salmon .
sushi chef ( andy ) i believe his name was gave horrible service .
the worse restaurant i have been to !
we went with a groupon and was treated like we were sub-par .
i was so fed up by this point , i did n't argue .
do n't go , and do n't buy groupons , you get treated differently !
the place looked dirty so maybe it was a blessing .
the food was gross .
the first time i went there in july , i was n't impressed .
slow service , and the rice way way too salty .
they literally gave me a side of hot sauce .
not a fan .
i was like , uh no .
i was not impressed with the food at all .
so not a great selection .
was n't especially fresh and definitely flavorless .
and the rice to fish ratio in the rolls was way off .
they were like all rice no fish .
no sharing .
now many of the rolls have cream cheese ?
it took _num_ mins to get just _num_ roll !
two of the rolls were just `` eh '' .
it was not good .
there were _num_ customers and it still took forever to get the food .
the wait was long and the place was almost empty .
the smell of dirty carpet mixed with grease was nasty !
my water tasted so bad !
the food tasted good but it was not worth the dirty stale environment .
the wait was long , probably an hour for the first order of rolls .
table service was lacking .
the waiter appeared confused about what he was doing the whole time .
never again ... ... .
price for it was n't that great .
i 'd rather go tempura sushi which is way cheaper !
we showed up to this place and it just looked dirty .
the service there does not exist and the restaurant was dirty .
we ended up leaving because the whole experience was awful .
sushi was good , service was bad .
for the location and price i 'll go elsewhere for my sushi .
wrong .
it was just bad all around .
what a shame that this place has started to go downhill .
i went with my boyfriend on a thursday night .
how rude .
the sushi was terrible and over priced .
terrible experience and a lot of money
if it was possible to give a negative star , i would .
food was okay , service was horrible .
very disappointing .
when we got up to leave then they realized we existed again .
unfortunately , we will not be going back .
we used to go here and i remember it being much better .
do n't waste your time !
the restaurant itself was dirty , smelled funny and had bad service .
the evening ended with me literally yelling at the owner to be nice .
horrible experience .
after our experience today , i do not think we will return .
please get your restaurant better organized .
you lost our sushi card .
empty !
oscar did a good job with making the teppanyaki but our server was awful !
plain rude .
wo n't be back .
one of the worst dining experiences in a long time .
the list goes on with this place .
later she was at a table drinking wine .
whether or not everything was fresh is questionable .
end of the day atmosphere was poor , dated and disorganized .
service was awful , owner clueless , and the server was a complete joke .
at that point , i cancelled my order .
our meal should have been comped .
this is the single worst japanese restaurant i 've ever been to .
the salad and miso soup were inedible , extremely salty .
sadly , i do n't think i will be coming to this place anymore .
i got this app just because i wan na talk about this restaurant .
this is unbearable and wasted of time .
the service was marginal at best .
the california roll , jalapeo poppers and miso soup were decent .
service was awful .
the place looks run down .
bought this off groupon and even with the discount would not go again .
does this business owner even read the reviews here ?
cue more waiting , until our chef comes out about _num_ minutes later .
it was n't poor but it was n't great either .
miso soup : other reviewers say it is salty , i had no issues .
this was probably one of the better , more balanced parts of the meal .
i did not see anything here .
all in all , steer clear from this place .
it was about _num_ pm so definitely not busy yet .
they forgot orders and they never refilled our cups .
the pregnant lady there amber i think is her name seriously so rude !
this place is definitely turning into a hipster place yuk .
_num_ minutes later , got my drink .
_num_ minutes later , placed my order .
_num_ minutes later , got soup .
_num_ minutes later , got the salad .
food is n't bad but is n't amazing .
the sashimi was surprisingly soft and yummy .
no fishy smells and each slice was cut generously thick .
ca n't tell how fresh it truly is but was n't terrible .
very disappointing .
they said yes , i was quoted a little over $ _num_ .
seriously poor customer service .
and the service at the store is not good .
for your basic project just stick to ace hardware or lowe 's .
would n't use them again .
my money will never go to ultimate electronics .
i used to go there all the time until i met the owners .
probably a safe bet that we will not be returning .
they leave out the fact that there is yogurt in almost everything .
wasted $ _num_ and now have a headache and a stomach ache .
we will not be going back .
the customer service has always been pretty bad .
it was disgusting .
now i know why the employees dont smile .
and i can find any other business to purchase my food from .
this place is gross .
that is what is printed on the sign as you walk into this place .
if not , i will expand .
in fact , our awesome server was this outing 's only saving grace .
potatoes were ok , better than your average home fries .
but seriously , the atmosphere is horribly family oriented .
after all , we ordered _num_ entrees ! )
my problem was the food .
all four items we ordered were bad .
my french dip was pretty mediocre .
it came out cold and dried out .
i was offered another choice so i took the pork chops .
no kidding .
service is awful .
lady next to me to go to the bathroom , she was eating alone .
she had n't even started yet .
your my waiter , own the situation .
then it took _num_ min to get our check after we were done eating .
service was a bit slow , although i was seated quickly .
corn chowder was tasty but not very hot .
filling was good , but the crust was really soggy , even the edges .
probably wo n't go back unless that is where others want to go .
my son was served raw chicken in his sandwich here today .
totally raw and cold .
he ate half his sandwich before his fiance noticed .
we all lost our lunch !
the selection was horrible .
the service was even worse .
the restaurant was not very busy .
however , it took over _num_ minutes to get our drink order taken .
the soup was cold when i finally got it .
the food made me and my friend sick .
i doubt that we will be visiting this location again .
my family and i were very disappointed and left after looking at the menu .
in fact , she never got refills for our drinks .
has been going downhill for years .
used to be my favorite place .
recommend they dig out menus and decor from _num_ years back .
tries to be upscale , but fails .
this was a very sad experience .
the place was empty .
all i learned is why the place was empty .
wish i could write a review .
so i called for takeout breakfast .
nice try but i wo n't bother with mimi 's again .
this mimi 's cafe is terrible !
turns out our name was never on the list .
after that we got a table and the service was terrible .
worst service ever !
what point is a reservation then really ?
definitely decided next year , we 're doing turkey at home .
she could have one if she 'd buy a $ _num_ gift card .
it was totally out of place .
if he wants to sell coupons , he 's definitely in the wrong job .
waitress was rather on the slow side .
entered the restaurant ... no one at the hostess stand .
wait close to _num_ minutes , no one shows up .
oddly my wife ate here about two years ago and the same thing happened .
she stayed that time , we did n't this time .
the service and management is most surely lacking .
there was already a party waiting .
my entire breakfast was cold .
my wife 's was hot .
meanwhile my coffee cup is empty and there is no server to be found .
if a manager had checked on us i would have sent my breakfast back .
after _num_ minutes the server comes back for the check .
( apparently they did n't want us to leave too quickly . )
no need to return .
this place is not worth it .
i just ate at mimi 's for the last time .
i was beyond disappointed .
even with very few people in the restaurant you 'll wait to be seated .
usually love mimi 's , but this location was terrible .
the turkey bacon brie mushroom crepes were awful today !
yet another fancy rip-off .
this used to be one of our favorite breakfast spots .
almost _num_ minutes before we got our food .
when we got our food it was pathetic .
the poor crepe .
again so flat .
did not really taste any .
these are $ _num_ and $ _num_ dishes !
i must be lucky to get _num_ whole small grapes .
we said thanks but no thanks .
we will not come here again .
anyway i chose the salmon .
i baked muffins this morning & i have enough at home .
terrible service .
_num_ families left after waiting _num_ minutes without even being greeted by a server .
my family and i will never return and do not recommend this restaurant .
it 's over priced and the food is not worth it .
bland food , terrible service and overpriced .
the wait staff is also very inattentive .
perhaps the worst experience in a restaurant ever .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
i hosted office holiday party on friday night at _num_ for _num_ people .
restaurant was not busy at all .
drinks were not refilled .
no wonder they are going out of business .
anyhow , i 'm not picky .
but it was n't medium well ( see picture ) .
the $ _num_ red house wine was good though .
my gf thought the cobb salad was ok .
the soup she got with it was n't very hot at all .
_num_ stars = me not really excited to go back .
it was about _num_ mins before closing and the place was a wreck .
i understand that sometimes things can happen but this was ridiculous .
got seated and had to wait longer for silverware after we got our salads .
wilted fries only .
no option for baked potato .
wanted chicken and they are all out of chicken .
no compensation for our possible return ... well i am never returning .
terrible service and food .
i went in and they did not seem that busy .
the wait staff was mostly standing around .
i asked why the wait and counted out loud _num_ empty tables .
he repeated his offer to wait or the corner table .
the food was okay , not as appetizing as it used to be .
service left a lot to be desired .
not so much now .
we will not be back .
husband was equally unimpressed .
just awful .
... then table that sat next to us ordered same plate with only shrimp .
dreadful meal .
it all came smothered in gravy - not on the menu .
the turkey was not real turkey .
the broccoli , although was not overcooked , was tasteless - tasted boiled .
nothing on it , not even herbs .
i could not eat any of this .
i also took the turkey home to my dogs .
a most disgusting meal .
i do n't know how they stay in business .
will not go back .
husband called it sad - standard american diet .
it was obviously not prepared by any chef .
my guess is they never bother to clean it .
what else do they never clean ?
i am so disappointed in this place .
photos of their food online are nothing compared to the real thing .
i would give zero stars if i could .
looks nice but is n't at all .
they had no compassion and management was n't any better .
not a nice place at all !
if i can give this place a zero star i would .
the worst service ever in my entire dining experience .
we showed up friday night and they are semi busy .
ok no problem .
after quite a wait , we received _num_ of our _num_ items .
it was ok , nothing exceptional .
however , he had no clue we had another order as well .
the guy just disappeared and no where to be found .
at the same time we never see our waitress again that night .
he did n't even acknowledge us .
what a nightmare experience .
never had service this awful !
do n't bother with this place .
when we got home the order was totally wrong .
never going back , such a complete disappointment .
sake sashimi for $ _num_ ) .
went here this past weekend and it was not a good experience .
terrible service , the food was overpriced for what you get .
total for the order came to $ _num_ , plus tip .
guess we wo n't know unless we try again .
we were excited to visit this sushi restaurant .
but our anniversary was totally ruined .
their service was terrible , just terrible .
after that things just went wrong in every way .
they brought at least _num_ dishes to wrong tables .
even the quality of sushi was not good this time .
the fish was totally not fresh and did n't taste almost at all .
i think this was our worst experience at a restaurant ever .
yes , we just felt ignored and miserable .
the menu is fairly limited and expensive , in my opinion .
that is not why i 'm giving them _num_ stars .
i called tonight and they said that they were too busy .
excuse me ?
extremely poor service .
an older man sat us down at our table , with papers on it .
did n't even say hello .
he was rude and not friendly .
so he brought me orange juice which he chose for me .
took my money and business down the street .
they really need to work on hiring better employees .
i will not go back again !
when we walked into the restaurant it seemed a little busy not too crowded .
we just stood there thinking we will wait .
i was very offended and walked out .
it almost ruined our anniversary dinner .
we started off with the fried calamari .
it looked great but tasted awful .
and the restaurant was not overly packed .
there was nothing about them that made me want to eat the next piece .
as a result , we put our utensils down and requested the check .
unfortunately shimogamo left a bad taste in my mouth .
i would even rate how we roll in phoenix better than this place .
i stopped in looking for a table for just myself .
very disappointed there was no sushi .
we got ignored most of the night .
oriental people came in _num_ mins after us and got served before us .
we were basically pushed out of the restaurant because we had kids .
horrible .
the food quality is very cheap .
this is the worst sushi i have ever had .
the squid salad was fishy and left a nasty taste in our mouths .
the fish was bad and smelled .
the seaweed that was used was both dry and chewy at the same time .
those who say this place was good do n't know what sushi is .
why the hell are you gas lighting anything that has to do with sushi ?
totally wasted my money on poor food that i now am sick because of .
avoid this place .
the sushi is good but the service was extremely disappointing .
we tried this place for the first time on a friday night .
not please back later but `` no ! ''
really sad that we got treated so rudely when we arrived tonight .
damn ... sorry we walked it at the wrong time for you !
it 's too bad that the service here does n't compliment their good food .
i guess they have good food , manners are lacking though !
the sushi is good but the service was extremely disappointing .
we tried this place for the first time on a friday night .
my group of _num_ was turned away because i did n't have a reservation .
if i could give no stars i would .
he ignored me the first time i walked in .
i looked around and there were literally _num_ other tables that were open .
i really do not know how this place has _num_ stars .
i have never been so mad after a meal .
i was completely unsatisfied and disappointed .
_num_ min for _num_ rolls and _num_ pieces of sashimi .
the rolls were worse than what you get at rotating sushi bars .
just 3x as much money .
this places blows and i am pissed .
$ _num_ for _num_ rolls , sashimi and edamame .
i am still hungry and never going back .
i just do n't get it .
i hate you shimogamo .
i really hate you .
pretty bummed they closed an hour early without any explanation as to why .
great sushi but horrible customer service .
i will never be going back .
customer service , more seating and more affordable sushi .
do n't go through the drive through .
they f you in the drive through .
hamburgers with no meat ( hard to validate when driving through ) .
that 's fucking disgusting .
it was a bit slow even considering the line through the drive through .
maybe i was just tired and grumpy ... .
not the worst out there .
they may get another chance but i am far from wowed at this rate .
first time they served me oatmeal in a cup .
unsure why the management staff is unable to order the right amount of inventory .
she did n't care about taking my order .
never been denied business for nicely asking a question !
no wonder mcdonald 's is struggling , piss poor service .
this location is in desperate need of a severe ronald ass kicking !
shame on the management , can you even try to care about your customers .
what kind of huge fast food chain does n't accept a debit card !
absolutely ridiculous establishment .
might as well be closed if they are going to do that !
i have spoken to the manager here with no luck , i.e .
we 'll resolve it next time and that never happens .
no pride in workmanship , product , quality or consistency and definitely no ownership .
this is not rocket science .
i am _num_ years old .
the snack selection at the market is very limited .
we have had a terrible time with the car wash at this location .
it does not work properly and has damaged the front of my car .
no longer accepts debit cards at the pumps .
could n't find soda i wanted inside .
terrible service .
i have _num_ high end watches that needed batteries .
it was only batteries after all .
i thought no big deal and proceeded to browse .
after several minutes another customer came in to pick up a repair .
the man sitting immediately got up and asked if he could help her .
i was pretty disgusted .
the customer service is lacking at best .
they refused to even discount replacing it .
recently , the office staff and wait time has gotten horrible .
yet , the doctor did n't come for another _num_ minutes .
booking an appointment is a nightmare .
numerous times , i 've been put on hold for _num_ minutes or more .
they do n't care about their patients at all .
_num_ minutes , a treatment plan for something you dont even know i have ?
it 's hit or miss .
i would not recommend them to anyone i like .
they did n't even apologize for my huge inconvenience .
the doctors could care less and the staff could care even less !
do not even think about going here unless you want a similar experience !
there is no good reason why it 's taking this long .
and do n't just throw my food and money at me !
im so glad i dont eat this bs any more !
first i got large fries to see if it was fresh or not .
not fresh at all , tasted like it was day old .
totally tasted like it was sitting out under a warmer for _num_ min .
just to save few bucks you guys lost a late night customer .
there are many better places down the road with better quality food .
the morning manager was rude and did n't like being `` bothered '' .
counted at least ten ants in one stall alone !
i will not be coming back .
but mainly the meat was way too dry .
they get our order wrong more often than not .
eating in is n't much better .
they also frequently serve old food .
new management or ownership is really needed here .
no lettuce .
1st window repeated it .
nasty .
dirty ... bad customer service .
no a/c in the building , still serving customers .
says she is doing everything she can , but really is she ?
we have tried this applebees twice and will never eat here again .
the first time the service was horrible and the food was o.k .
the second and last time the food was not even edible .
unfortunately , this location does n't get it .
nothing special .
the mashed potatoes were nice , and the garlic broccoli was fine .
nothing special .
but i just ca n't go to three stars on this one .
southern food does n't hurt me .
this is painful .
it is very sad that people can earn their living taking advantage of others .
we saw them turn away at least _num_ other families for the private party .
i walked in and there was n't a sole behind the window .
i was like ok , where to you get those ?
i was ok , i 'll take one .
we spent way too much i .
all the while our group was sitting with hungry little kids waiting .
gross .
however , there are some issues that i have .
this last time i arrived early so that i could get a table .
my youngest , however , needs my assistance .
however , it has been like that each time .
but , to me , the biggest problem is how payments are handled .
they have no way of taking payments at the rental counter .
with two small kids , this has been a problem .
unfortunately , it did n't work out as well as i would have liked .
terrible .
our _num_ year old cost $ _num_ .
first of all , why is it still saying closed ?
what the hell do you want ?
the management did n't seem to care like it was the norm .
it was pretty pathetic and i do n't plan on ever going back .
do n't go into the bathrooms .
they are filthy and look like they have n't been cleaned in a year .
i would be embarrassed to work in or own this rink .
ca n't i have just signed a disclaimer ... like the good old days ?
ugh .
it happened one more time , then i gave up .
`` oh yeah , we called you but nobody responded . ''
do not come here if you want to cool off during this heat .
it 's about _num_ in here , and i 'm not even skating .
this place is filthy and needs more seating .
i have been a fed ex customer for over _num_ years .
went online , had packaged held for pickup at this location .
went to this location with my door tag and the mess began .
i explain , no , i have email confirmation that my package is here .
ca n't help you .
this location will not get _num_ penny of my business .
would not give any stars if it was an option .
worst service ever came into this store twice in the same week .
scan and email some legal documents back to my mortgage company .
i was wrong .
the worst part ?
i 'm equal parts shocked and annoyed at fedex .
went in today to ship a package out using ground shipping .
unbelievable .
do not go to this location .
i was assured it would take about _num_ minutes .
the photo print machine requires a $ _num_ hold just to get started .
that put a bad taste in my mouth .
( fedex 's problem , not my drive . )
lastly the lighting in the room was so harsh !
i honestly do not have the words to express the disappointment .
disappointing , and terrible !
when we walked in , our first impression was how dirty it was .
not sure i 'd stay again , even at this price .
horrible !
i tried calling front desk and it was busy .
i tried housekeeping and every other button and it was busy .
the tv was stuck on one channel .
i should get a refund for this !
disgusting !
i have never seen such a filthy , run down motel in my life .
i paid $ _num_ so i was expecting something somewhat decent .
the wifi is horrible .
there is a crappy little pool of you like being watched by seedy people .
there is no jacuzzi .
drove from san diego to attend a concert at the wild horse pass casino .
we stayed one night in room _num_ .
was not told about this when making reservation .
customer service was ok.
not enthusiastic when answering the phone at night .
the lamp shade had a hole in it .
it was decent hotel to stop at and sleep for one night .
this hotel needs to be managed better and definitely needs to be cleaned .
the room was not clean .
and we could n't even use the pool .
this is not healthy japanese food , that 's for sure .
the chicken was barely there but there were a ton of mushrooms .
the menu indicated it would be spicy but it was not .
seems like he remembers his regulars .
maybe i ordered the wrong thing , but i was not satisfied .
i do not believe how this place got the rating that it has .
i will not be back .
flat pepsi .
cold food .
sure its good but why not just have a microwave diner .
my daughter didnt ' find the orange chicken that great either .
too bad , really like the quaint garden area .
so bad !
would n't take my dog there .
had chicken and vegetables in brown sauce in a bowl .
carrots all tasted old .
hubby 's dish was beef yakisoba ... even worse .
same brown sauce , not yakisoba sauce ( not even close .
barely any meat , did n't really have any taste .
highly disappointed in eggroll .
no one ate much .
yes it was that bad .
i wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
disgusting !
sushi fell apart , there was sugar in the white rice .
yakisoba tasted old .
called to complain and kept getting the ' hold please , so sorry routine .
never going back .
very sad .
the staff is ok but not near where it used to be .
too bad .
else it will be _num_ star .
i tasted a few pieces and the sauce is indeed very different .
after such good reviews on yelp , i went to try this out .
i could n't finish the chicken .
all in all , not a fan , not going back .
the food is below mediocre now !
the new owners changed way too much .
the crab puffs are gross , the teriyaki sauce is bland .
do n't bother going anymore .
i think _num_ star is being a bit generous .
worst white meat teriyaki chicken i have ever tasted .
will just stick with aloha kitchen much better food .
the resturant looked clean and was busy .
i wish i ordered that instead .
a pretty easy dish that is normally is hard to mess up .
the chicken was burnt and dry .
this was the worst i have ever eaten .
i ate the rice around the chicken and tossed it .
had the chicken and broccoli , pretty sure the chicken was cooked yesterday .
no flavor .
could n't finish it .
we just ordered form here and were totally disappointed when our food arrived .
we will not be ordering from here again .
this ultra sugary fake maple syrup flavor is dreadful .
on _num_ occasions my teriyaki chicken bowl had a small chicken bone in them .
rather than die a painful death i decided to stop eating there .
do n't really recommend .
the worst vegas and philadelphia rolls that i have ever tested .
i could not stand to complete and left from the restaurant .
i do not came back again , though kind and quick staff .
the chicken often has little vibes in it .
the new manager is rude and doesnt speak english well .
she wo n't take a call from a customer who calls with an issue .
the worst food poisoning ever .
my review will be in _num_ parts , the first for the actual food .
for the record , i 've been eating at tokyo house roughly _num_ years .
i normally ask for it spicy but went regular this time around .
in total i counted _num_ small pieces of beef .
what am i really paying for here ?
_num_ $ for just a bowl of noodles ?
_num_ minutes goes by again , at this point i 'm up .
i jump into the shower and prepare for the worst .
not the best korean food i had .
do not order japanese food here .
oh thank you god !
i was not trying to bad mouth them what so ever !
i have tried many different nail salons in the valley but never been satisfied .
otherwise , i just do my own nails at home .
finished work looked sloppy and acrylic is already lifting off my nails .
it was the worst set ever .
do not go to this place .
they are minus zero stars .
they refused .
ugh .
they did a total bait and switch on me .
it was absurd .
maybe they are , i do n't know yet .
but i do n't care .
they did n't even apologize .
it was very unprofessional .
the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth .
this is exactly what i was trying to avoid .
this does n't happen with the brand i was trying to get .
the food was fine , the issue is with the soda dispenser .
i would not come here again .
she said they are already discounted .
she told me the drinks are normally $ _num_ .
if they do n't , then they will completely lose all our business .
the once $ _num_ breakfast biscuits are now $ _num_ .
two hundred percent increase in less than _num_ months !
staff is not the friendliest .
i know it 's just fast food but that just ridiculous .
coupon or not , it 's not worth it .
not _num_ hours on friday .
sat at their lit up drive thru with no answer .
if you 're closed , shut your lights off .
i should n't have to explain this to you .
it 's not rocket science .
please just go out of business .
$ _num_ down .
no exaggeration !
_num_ car at window appeared to be visiting at window employee !
several years ago , my cat had a tooth pulled here .
avoid at all costs .
flash forward a few more weeks , the dogs ear infection is back .
why did i never call my regular vet ?
worst experience with eye doctors .
the doctor is very old fashioned and his equipment is as well .
the front desk is terrible .
they try to rip you off however they can .
that is $ _num_ for the exams done in the same visit .
fyi , costco charges about $ _num_ for both prior to insurance .
it used to not be this way .
terrible customer service !
horrible customer service !
horrible experience , and their prices were overpriced .
the prices are higher then most gun stores .
frustrated i left and ordered online .
do n't waste your time or money at guns etc .
the service is awful and they ca n't be bothered to make an effort .
for _num_ gun competition some months ago .
a call to discuss would have worked .
the front sight is rotated a little off center .
poor communication and not doing the job as requested is a problem .
no wonder it fell off .
just like i requested originally .
i was not able to shoot the timed and scored test .
they are also grossly overpriced on most things .
except it is n't easier for a few reasons ; _num_ .
is that not the sole purpose of being in business ?
prices - way overpriced , on everything .
from firearms , to accessories , to batteries , to ammo .
unbelievable .
lastly , customer service - i do n't really give a shit .
i had to go see what all the bad reviews were about .
she just turned and walked away .
they just stood around trying as hard as they could to not sell anything .
i was n't even upset since i went in there expecting that or worse .
this gun shop deserves a rating of lol .
... empty .
... not answering the phone .
there is no shortage of gun stores in arizona , and ... .
i will never spend another dollar at guns , etc .
i could n't agree with david more .
they do n't charge a corkage fee for byob which is nice .
the food was bland and boring at best .
i would not go back .
i really liked it the first couple times .
i was kind of embarrassed by the service .
but they really fell flat on their face with their service .
we were disappointed and wo n't be back which is a shame .
did n't care for it .
expensive , small portions , and mediocre cooking .
go a few blocks west to saigon pho if you want the real thing .
i was so mad .
sorry , wo n't be back .
suffice to say i was disappointed .
the portions have gotten smaller , and the quality has gone down hill .
the food is bland .
nobody should have to bay over $ _num_ for any type of pho .
she was cracking jokes and making comments that were borderline inappropriate .
why is this listed far away from its actual location .
probably everything else .
what a waste of good earned cash and a bad aftertaste to boot .
hopefully in future this review will remind me never to visit this place again .
one star is too much for this restaurant .
and the variety of dishes they offer was very very limited .
what a rip off .
$ _num_ for a small bowl of noodles .
i find nothing special about their food that can justify double price .
finally , it is ridiculously over priced for the area and quality .
$ _num_ ?
first , lets get the food out of the way - it was ok .
i cant imagine an employee getting away with that . )
bad first impression .
the pho was mediocre and all the food we ordered were overpriced .
first , the owner was irritating and sarcastic .
second , the food was average , i have had far better vietnamese food .
third , servings were small for the price we paid for .
fourth , this place is ridiculously expensive for a vietnamese place .
i do n't recommend this place .
bad place guys , not worth your time and money .
this did not help the location and decor .
the plastic seats made it feel like i was at a burger king .
the service was so so and the prices were a little high for pho .
if i could give zero stars i would .
pho for $ _num_ ?
there is no one in the place .
no thanks .
i really do n't understand what the fuss is about with this place .
first off , the food is horribly overpriced .
taste wise , the pho was horrible .
additionally , the brisket smelled like it was spoiled .
even my american co-worker thought the food tasted horribly .
this is the first time i have not left a tip at a restaurant .
it was that bad .
one of the pork chops on our table was really dry .
that should have been the warning sign for me .
bottom line : never hurts to try a new spot .
you 're paying for the modern orange walls and acrylic chairs .
stick to pho chandler .
horrible service .
i have been there _num_ times and i am done .
cheap plastic furniture starts it off .
lemongrass chicken dry as can be and it comes with no sauce .
pineapple curry chicken was terrible .
lastly the short ribs matched the other two dishes .
other than the food runner the staff was not friendly .
the food is just ok .
despite the coupon savings it 's no deal for poor quality food .
sooooooo , this is the 2nd time we ordered from this particular dominos .
dominos : well , there is no record of your order .
sorry but that wo n't do .
i just know that i will seek other advice for my eyes next time .
this was not the case .
when she greeted me she asked for my date of birth and name .
i gave this to her and she looked me up .
the 2nd girl came back in about _num_ seconds with my contacts .
but the front desk staff does not treat patients in a respectable manner .
i 'd rather pay the extra _num_ $ and go to a gas station .
i thought wild horse pass casino was already open .
i spent $ _num_ within _num_ mins without winning anything .
what made me scratch my head was the set up of the machines .
the seating was standard conference room chairs no tables for drinks .
very uncomfortable .
the song selection was terrible and would not go to this venue again .
- products ( shampoo , conditioner & body wash were okay . )
the wait was _num_ mins to check in for my body scrub .
made them rush me through .
since i was rushed the treatment was ok .
took forever to get seated even with reservations .
then forever to get food .
we got tired of waiting for everything .
never a problem there .
so disappointed .
your masseuse is of course thrown off .
the towels are n't hot .
the hot oil is n't even warm .
my masseuse did everything she could but it 's just not a good situation .
massage ends , i head out to pay .
but _num_ % discount ?
_num_ of the _num_ minute massage was terrible .
it would have been more relaxing sitting in the hotel lobby for _num_ minutes .
the response was - you should have stopped and rescheduled .
ugh .
it sucked .
sounds like a great deal , right ?
the finished product was nothing like the photo i showed .
he said the hair was really bad , not classy or elegant at all .
needless to say i took my hair down and makeup off immediately .
i was disappointed enough to write my first restaurant review !
the interaction with him always seemed awkward , and the experience was very uncomfortable .
no one seemed to know our names .
also , the specialty drinks were legendary .
the bad ... price .
also the service was attentive but not friendly at all .
in fact , they were very pretentious .
i would avoid this at all cost .
not impressed i will try again .
our waiter kept trying to rush us the whole evening .
we almost walked out and went elsewhere .
glass of house pinot noir now $ _num_ .
this highest rated restaurant in the valley was an embarrassment .
desert schools is neither !
do n't have direct deposit ?
i can no longer trust this credit union and things like this worry me .
do n't go to this branch !
wish i had never opened an account here .
do n't waste your money .
does my bank believe me.
guess not !
horrible branch .
the tellers are always rude and the wait is excessive .
i will not be returning to this branch again .
i came back and still the same situation , _num_ tellers and long line .
what was worse was that the teller seemed annoyed with me .
it was such a waste of my time throughout the whole day !
big mistake !
they smell gross and the toilets are never clean .
the office did not call me with my test results .
( there are also some seriously scary reviews on other sites .
they were roughly 1/3 off retail price .
i fully explained that i was going to purchase tickets online .
no return call .
what a waste of a gift .
_num_ ) the instructors are not interested in really teaching racing .
there was zero feedback from this exercise and very little feedback on other activities .
i ended up going back to the stick shift for reasons below .
however , it really is n't .
_num_ ) if you want to actually learn racing , look elsewhere .
this place sucks ... i brought four shirts to get dry cleaned .
they could not get any of the stains out .
i made four separate trips back for re dos , still no good .
they refunded me with cash .
i submitted his bid to my insurance company .
yet brian did not even show up .
if i could give zero stars i would .
they would not even bother calling me back about getting a quote .
sucks to wait and get blown off .
no call ... nothing .
i don not understand on what kind of reputation they are built .
no call .
can not recommend them .
they had done nothing .
i have not paid nor received any warranty .
this all began in may _num_ and it is january _num_ .
do not hire this company !
called porter for a quote on a tile repair job .
that was _num_ voice messages and over _num_ weeks ago .
if you tell them it quickly becomes obvious that they do not care .
so , there i am and they like - we not open till 8:30 .
no , fucking do it today .
they not only wasted my time but lost a good customer .
these guys are a joke .
was getting an oil change and a new rear tire on my bike .
shopped around on the phone with several valley hd dealerships .
overall , they were _num_ more expensive the the scottsdale dealership .
wonder if the owners know that this is the way their management treats customers ?
would not recommend going there and i know i never will again .
totally disgusted .
my bad for not walking away .
their sales department has no ethics .
they would crawl over their sick sister to ... ... their dying mother .
it was for a _num_ and did n't fit .
bad customer service and the part was wrong .
so youre not good at your job , youre expensive , and not busy ?
they scratched my bike and then tried to not paint it .
i went there twice and nothing was done .
then after they supposedly painted it there where still scratches on it .
i gave them plenty of chances to just fix it ... .
it really was just unprofessional and down right dirty business practice .
finger prints and dirt all over it .
when i called another dealer they told me it was fully covered .
there are plenty of other dealers , any other one would probably be better .
purchased my bike there sales were fine no complaints there .
tried charging me _num_ hours of labor for simple slip on pipes !
just do n't trust anything else they say or do .
like they lost interest in me as a customer over night .
went to scottsdale harley instead like scottsdale told me i would do initially .
tried to prove them wrong because chandler is in my neighborhood .
i gave one star because the dealership is clean .
not a dealership that i would trust .
even some of the cashiers at this location look a little sketchy .
the pharmacy staff is extremely slow and incompetent .
prices are typical nothing special .
i brought my german performance vehicle in to have an oil leak checked out .
so this place tried to get me for more then what was actually needed !
i was a little slow in writing a review on this place .
i am so disgusted with this place !
each time a different operator answers and says they are n't at that location .
it was just an appointment to get electrical on our trailer hitch .
nasty .
had an appointment for a hitch install at _num_ am .
there were no other vehicles being worked on the entire time i was there .
after _num_ hour and _num_ minutes after my appointment time , i was finished .
this place lost my business today because of a rude cashier .
i came up to the register and was ignored .
i am a regular at aj 's and have kept quite long enough .
he did n't really even acknowledge me ( e.g .
not freshly cracked .
no crisp whatsoever .
there was very little cheese .
it 's not a difficult thing to prepare .
at $ _num_ each it should have been better .
maybe it was n't a good day .
or maybe she should quit and drive a school bus .
my whole experience with her was unpleasant .
went shopping here today and must say customer service was horrible .
i 'm going back to safeway where the customer service is beyond awesome !
we had been to the one in phoenix and the cuban sandwich was awesome .
the sandwich itself left much to be desired of .
thanks but no thanks .
i thought that was extremely unprofessional and rude !
might have to take my business elsewhere now , due to lack of attention .
if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
i went in to get a pedicure for myself .
seriously ... $ _num_ for a bucket of water ?
i told them that i am vietnamese and understood everything they are saying !
do not go here if you want nice looking nails .
so it pains me to write this review !
the only reason why i have to knock off three stars is false advertising .
and excessive push for additional services i said `` no '' to multiple times .
they lady made me pay $ _num_ for pretty much nothing .
instead we just walked out and did n't tip them .
i wish there was a dislike button , this place really sucks .
it was kind of rude .
i will not be returning .
i wo n't be back .
anyway , this time my oldest picked indian .
meanwhile , back at the review , we ordered the meat appetizer .
this had a couple kinds of chicken , a meat samosa and lamb kabob .
my daughter got chicken tikka masala , her favorite .
these , too , were fine .
no fine dining but not bad .
to be fair it was dead .
it was right under the empty toilet paper dispenser .
in phoenix , there are essentially _num_ types of indian restaurants .
i expected my food to be freshly prepared ... all of it .
maybe we hit them on a bad night .
lamb was tough , chicken was dry , the sauces were too oily .
been a long time customer ( _num_ plus years ) .
the meat is not fresh or it 's over cooked .
i wo n't be returning to this restaurant again .
when the bill come , it was a little more expensive than i thought .
what kind of asian dish does n't come with rice .
i will not return even with groupon .
i could have never written this review until this part of my story happened .
they cost us _num_ per naan .
naan is _num_ each ! ''
that being said , the service was so bad it was uncomfortable .
i went there last sunday , after reading all the great reviews .
there were _num_ techs and _num_ customer .
terrible , terrible , terrible service .
there were _num_ people in the store .
i ca n't even believe i was treated like this .
$ _num_ for gel nails .
great selection , lacking service .
the sales associate acted like he did not want to help us .
lots of good product however the service was not up to par .
disappointed .
there is virtually nothing on the menu for a vegetarian .
lame overpriced toys .
they too were `` meh . ''
_num_ minute process with a line of only _num_ people ahead of me .
success !
amazon is where i will buy toys now .
i did n't love the customer service by any stretch of the imagination .
wrong !
you just lost a lot of business .
just to come out empty handed .
the woman who answered the phone offered me a special price of $ _num_ .
`` i 'm not allowed to do that '' she answered .
so why _num_ stars ?
with those beds , they should put a dispenser in the lobby .
i am paying $ _num_ per night .
the whole room is out dated .
not worth the money .
so it does n't makes sense to me .
really bad .
very very dirty carpet .
ac would n't work .
front desk people are unprofessional idiots .
if you stay here you get what you deserve .
this place sucks .
no elevators , and one ice machine seven buildings away .
horrible customer service .
my initial reaction was _num_ star .
but we stayed _num_ days and it was okay .
probably _num_ to _num_ stars .
the furniture could use updating .
the front desk was helpful .
having only bathroom for six people was not !
this place blows unfortunately i have two more nights in this dump .
do not book here putting up a tent would be better .
oh my back is killing me .
the breakfast sucks the market has nothing the fitness center has two crappy machines .
i want to go get my money back and move .
ok day _num_ check out is _num_ noon the key stopped working at _num_ .
does n't change time .
the check in process was slow .
the room was blah .
sure could use some updates .
made the reservation for a smoking room and then told that there none available .
cleanliness is not their first priority .
the wifi would not work and the tech support is useless .
but it has gone downhill badly .
my most recent stay in september was horrible .
the lock on my room door did n't work .
despite several complaints at the front y desk it was n't fixed .
the carpets in the hall were dirty and smelly .
the food served for breakfast was inedible .
i wo n't be staying here again .
for _num_ people and no discount no sorry nothing .
this place is gross .
it smells like cigarettes even though its a non smoking room .
for the price we paid it should come with better cable tv .
and everything looks dingy and old .
internet does not work .
it was the smallest room i 've ever been in .
very outdated and paper thin walls .
hurry up and get her a room .
she 's been complaining of not feeling well . ''
unfortunately , no one ever returned my call .
needless to say - no sleep for me .
horrible excuse for a hotel room .
the bed was a joke , the furniture was very old .
the sink was dirty .
there was one lady there who was a darling but the manager was worthless .
our _num_ chair at the desk did not fit under the desk table .
the carpets throughout the hall and in the room were dirty and stained .
never again , price was right but the room was dirty .
halls were dirty , breakfast sucked .
i do n't even want to give one star .
the food is mediocre at best .
the seating is horribly packed together and feels like a elementary school cafeteria .
the layout of where you order is awkward and confusing .
it was such a disappointment since i heard it was so good .
however , there was some to be desired on the cleanliness level .
service : _num_ star , service was n't terrible but i 've had better .
food : _num_ star , i had ordered california club .
all i had was a potato .
really dry .
not tasty .
this is not one of the better valley locations .
first time they only apologized , never gave me reason to come back .
after three tries with this location , i 'll stick with metro center .
the first call my phone died after _num_ minutes on hold .
i did n't get to place the order .
bull crap i have records !
other people were having the same problem .
got my potato soup and it was cold .
the cheese on top would n't even melt .
my tuna sandwiches was tasteless .
the bread was toasted and the tuna had eggs in it .
there was no flavor to it .
i could make this bad of a tuna sandwich at home .
price a bit high , delivery charge is $ _num_ .
plain dont mean please put tomatoes and bacon , onions in it .
so fyi do n't order delivery they read it back to me right .
but they made the sandwich wrong .
no how are you today ?
fake , i do n't know what chicken in the pasta .
i could n't eat was so gross .
this place was n't very good .
i ordered the smokey jack panini and it was n't a panini .
it was old , dry bread with old tomatoes .
i could n't even finish it .
would not recommend at all .
it looked like it was a _num_ day old sandwich .
worst service ever and worst management !
they hd no drivers to deliver what they messed up on .
rude !
lost _num_ regulars for life !
my girlfriend tells me the ladies bathroom had live bugs on the floor .
( looked to be roaches ) and was filthy .
greasy prints , dirty , this place has really gone down hill .
my girlfriend and i were horrified .
i 'm all for helping the homeless but she smelled like raw sewage .
i could n't even finish my food .
that 's it , i 'm done going to jason 's .
this is the slowest bk i have ever been to !
i ordered the new `` turkey burger '' and it was horrible !
: )
if i could give this negative _num_ stars , i would .
you 'll be in the drive thru for _num_ minutes .
i wish i could give them no stars .
learn from my mistake and do n't bother calling these people .
same charm chipped again , this time service was horrible .
needless to say i will never purchase another piece from this jeweler .
i went in to ben jewelers to have a ring fixed .
i received my ring back , paid the fees .
then i get a call telling me the repair fees to repair this !
super irritated , i waited the week .
i refused .
weeks go by , and i just went to pick my ring up .
i am absolutely disgusted with this store .
she argued with me that it was n't from there .
garbage .
no selection and feels pretty cramped .
stick with foot locker .
they do n't use their space very well in this store .
i do n't get cold stone .
i ca n't rate this place because it 's not there .
ice cream was soft and not creamy like it used to be .
horrible business practice will never return there again .
worst service ever !
completely disappointed !
nothing else in it , not what we ordered .
worst place ever to get ice cream with a smile !
the most filthy experience and rude service .
i visited this location last night with my boyfriend and his daughter .
the customer service at this place was terrible .
two were not helping with customers at all .
ice cream was not cold enough .
unbelievable .
the staff are very rude and do n't want to assist anyone .
i will never step foot in this store again .
so i do n't plan on buying any more of their products .
rude , poor and the worst service i 've seen yet .
dont bother with this place .
but was told there are no refunds .
ridiculous !
i am extremely disappointed in this chandler mall location .
i was very disappointed !
i was offended .
she then talked about her love of clothes and all .
so , how did i get out of this mess you ask ?
the customer service at this store was horrible .
they simply did not believe me that i was unhappy with the product .
completely rude .
then he was rude and questioned the packaging because they were not newly sealed .
i have never been treated like this and i will never shop there again .
manager was horribly rude after i used the restroom next to the fitting room .
we couldnt even get them from other stores !
first of all , we 're not from the street .
horrible place !
sure i could n't keep them on for more than _num_ minutes .
i went back and i asked to return them .
they refused .
never will i buy something something from foot locker again !
i was lucky enough ( im being sarcastic ) to talk to mark .
i told him my problem and he continuously did not listen to me .
they always ask , `` are you sure ? ''
i did this , then said thank you , and she left .
either way , i wo n't be returning to this location any time soon .
the apple store sells computers .
and more importantly , the apple store repairs computers .
so then it was standing in line to `` check in '' .
and then the wait .
horrible , horrible , horrible .
because service here was awful .
before here , i had went to verizon .
terrible experience .
they run this place like it 's a doctors office .
this experience left me with a lot of questions .
i know , i know , best buy is not any better .
would n't come here unless i was absolutely desperate .
i 'm calling bs on this .
something is smelling like rotten apples !
i have been a loyal iphone customer for over _num_ years .
went in to get some information for an ipad purchase .
then the two of them walked off .
can the service get any worse ?
he then tells me to buy a new iphone at full price .
guess it 's going to snow in phoenix pretty soon .
this is the worst customer service i have ever received in my life !
warning to all : do not go to this apple store .
been to the apple stores and each time they were unable to help me .
once again another let down via the apple store chandler .
sorry our system is down you will need to reschedule for tomorrow '' .
one person to help every customer is the worst .
waiting in line for the latest and greatest iphone is not worth it .
i purchased the iphone _num_ on day one .
he asked him to help me with my questions and left .
the other employee could n't help me as he was actually helping his customer .
i left without any face time or questions answered .
absolute nonsense .
this is definitely the worst apple store in the area .
i am extremely disappointed at the customer service .
are you kidding me ?
i have only had my i phone _num_ for _num_ months , already broken !
ya i signed off that that may happen .
i will no longer be recommending apple products .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
the staff ( including management ) is really arrogant .
not worth even a single star .
very frustrating .
stay away from this apple store .
too many people with blue apple shirts with limited knowledge .
talk about the worst .
now this store , straight crap .
our _num_ number does n't know what they are talking about .
had to go in about a month ago to get a screen replaced .
they then tell me that it wo n't be done until the next day .
i go back to pick it up and that goes relatively without incident .
( again , usually two bars less than others right around me ) .
very poor service .
looks like i might need to stay away from apple .
i sent my mom in there because she needed her iphone looked at .
she treats everything like gold .
the phone was in perfect shape and having major battery drain .
this store is just straight up lazy plain and simple .
they replaced the phone and solved the issue .
you have lost my business .
some of the worst customer service i 've come across .
this store , however , is a disgrace to apple .
i just left my fifth visit for the same problem .
and they have not solved my issue at all .
i 'm so disappointed .
worst customer service !
total waste of time because of incompetent scheduling lady .
yay !
however , as soon as i got home it already has another issue .
that is not the way to handle customer service .
( assuming phone is somewhat working ) .
: ( let 's wait a week to see what else happens .
when i arrived i knew exactly what i was going to get .
the apple expert walked up and immediately called me jonathan .
the customer should never know more than the salesman .
i was told i could return for the only available appointment at _num_ .
there were more staff in the store then customers !
this is not helpful at all to the customer .
horrible customer service for your customers .
omg , what a nightmare !
much less than what i had paid just a few months prior .
very disappointed .
does n't come close to compensate me for years of lost memories .
have a new phone only _num_ month old and it has many issues .
tech support was rude .
worst customer service i 've ever experienced at an apple store .
they always seem to have a not so pleasant attitude .
totally refused .
i am sorry i ever bought anything here and never will again .
this is a fairly standard sub $ _num_ service that jewelers provide .
completely obvious mistakes , visible to the naked eye .
that would have been good to know at the beginning .
is a customer worth that little ?
warning to all yelpers ... never buy anything here or contract any service .
however , the maintenance for their pieces is terrible .
but it usually ran over a week , sometimes more than two .
would not recommend .
rude .
rude .
disrespectful and did i say rude ?
i would never recommend them .
take your money and go elsewhere .
very disappointed .
the man doing my nails tried and failed .
she had to go elsewhere to get fixed .
i wo n't be back .
only good experience was the lady who did my eyebrows .
hard to communicate most of time .
first time at party nails and the experience sucked .
so avoid her please .
do n't look and treat people like you 're better than them .
if you hate your job , quit .
you 're making people miserable when shopping is supposed to be enjoyable .
i was shocked at dillard 's in chandler tonight ( thursday ) .
i took it off , and took it back to the store tonight .
they are too busy chatting with each other than taking care of their customers .
they are money hungry assholes .
the poor customers are in the middle of it all .
all the employees stand around talking crap about each other or the company .
which is n't good customer service if you ask me .
i walked out one day .
wo n't go here anymore .
i hate salesmen that lie .
got caught in a _num_ day return policy .
knowing i had already purchased it and more competitive than he could ever match .
sadly i broke my promise and came back .
from the point of entering the restaurant i should have left .
i ordered corned beef hash and eggs .
the eggs were cold .
the corn beef has was not cooked and cold .
presentation was horrible .
my wife ate half her food and i never touched mine .
i will not be back .
if i do come back i have no one else to blame .
i know , i know , breakfast place , order breakfast !
the lettuce seemed a bit wilted and the dressing was blah .
as for the sandwich it was okay but the bacon was surprisingly tasteless .
why lie to me and on your menu about having wifi ?
the truth is it was nothing special .
the food is just that , nothing special .
i 've had _num_ bad meals due to server error .
lastly , the food just is n't that good .
the food was also way below average and the portions were small .
i 'm adding a pic of the manager in the purple shirt .
was so uncomfortable for me that i decided to snap his pic .
you fell off the wall .
no more !
therefore , there is a honey shortage .
blatantly serving me fake honey is not ok.
i am not convinced .
price : you do not get what you paid for .
ambience : casual and also not busy , which is strange to me .
ugh fianc got pueblo skillet barely any chorizo or green chile .
very disappointed with this visit .
the mixed greens are just gross .
our first bite we both made a face and did n't eat any more .
nothing to write home about .
my first time here and i have to say i was not impressed .
when the food came it was barely warm .
the only good thing was the remodel .
disappointed in the changes they 've made .
never have i been to a starbucks that denied they made something wrong .
this place is terrible and today was the last straw with me .
at least they 're friendly there and they 've never messed up my order .
do n't waste your time with lowes , head straight to best buy !
never never purchase an extended warranty from lowes .
it 's quite a scam they have going on .
meats , milk , cheese , you know that stuff is n't cheap .
apparently lowes urgent care is _num_ days !
_num_ days and not a specific time .
not a worker in sight .
girl at checkout asked if i found everything ok .
i said no that lowes only had one of three items i needed .
she only responded with a blank stare .
poorly stocked also .
as for us , this will be the 5th attempt to fix this dishwasher !
obviously there was no interest in selling the refrigerator .
do i not deserve to be sold a refrigerator or what ?
i could not make it any more obvious that i was interested .
absolutely the worst customer service !
such a load of crap .
not my favorite restaurant , but its something besides taco bell .
tried the nachos last time , they were good .
i dont like their salsas , prob my biggest complaint .
slow service , not the first time i 've received slow service here either .
we will not be going back .
the service here is usually _num_ stars .
disappointed .
no toppings at all .
i was there with my _num_ year old granddaughter and her mother .
really i am a _num_ year old lady holding my _num_ year old granddaughter .
this is no way to run a business !
visited recently and unfortunately it was n't good enough for me to go back .
i ordered a california bowl with no rice and no beans .
i paid extra for grilled veggies and extra chicken .
what i got was an underwhelming bowl .
barely any veggies and not nearly enough lettuce even after i asked for more .
disappointing .
not worth driving out of my way for .
this place is the absolute worst to deal with .
they do not stand behind their products .
by far the worst experience in all of my years as a vw owner .
after only a few months they went bad .
as much as their prices are good , this situation is not .
because of this i can not give a high rating at this time .
ah , good ol ' _num_ and diner .
we walked in and were greeted and seated almost immediately .
she was running and screaming from the juke box back to her table .
maybe that will bump this place up to _num_ stars !
the food ( i had a burger ) was okay , but nothing special .
ugh .
eggs were so overcooked they even looked rubbery , not to mention the taste .
the feta cheese was dry .
while the service was friendly enough the food was terrible .
drove from se gilbert for chili omelette so disappointed !
at least the other locations are apparently staying open .
review is for the service department .
unprofessional at best , dishonest at worst .
if i could go lower i would .
with three kids did not want to risk it and had the repairs done .
they replaced the transmission on my company vehicle .
we brought our _num_ in over a week ago .
the service advisor and his manager could care less about you or your car .
dennis the assistant manager has to be the worst closer in the business .
what i found is that enterprise was not even a block away .
it should n't take an hour to get in a rental car .
however lost my paperwork for _num_ months .
no big deal , all under warranty .
( without ever even raising my voice ) .
summary : my advice to all the yelpers ... avoid like the plague .
worst car buying experience i have ever had .
service department lacks customer service .
the car was supposed to be fixed by close of business today .
now my wife ca n't get to work .
this is n't the first time they 've dropped the ball on us either .
we were @ $ _num_ from our max budget .
we left feeling very scammed and disappointed .
please consider our experience with this dealership prior to your visit .
having first oil change in this little car .
terrible service compare to the honda and toyota dealerships i been at .
employees using the same restroom customers do .
what a nightmare my experience was there at freeway chevrolet .
the older short black gentleman was very rude and pushy .
after not hearing from anyone , i called at 3pm .
no other information was given .
gave me a very bad feeling about ever leaving my vehicle there again .
this was an inconvenience to me not having my vehicle .
asked if the oil change had been done , no .
that seems a bit strange to me .
i knew why the light was on , and i told him .
in my opinion , dealerships need to recognize this and respond appropriately .
unfortunately for me , both of those people are no longer at freeway .
since then , i 've been disappointed with my experiences with your service dept .
terrible service !
there was _num_ other customer in the entire place .
my husband and i could not believe these folks .
bad treatment for customers .
well now the gm mike cook stops the customers from getting washes .
bad business .
horrible , horrible .
`` you never get a second chance to make a first impression '' .
but my service advisor `` chris '' , is a completely different story .
took hours and hours and the salesman was obnoxious .
i am to get free car washes and half price oil changes for life .
my car was not clean .
even with the oil change discount i prefer to pay twice as much elsewhere .
really makes me not like freeway chevrolet .
incompetent !
plus i already have financing through my bank .
i gave one star because i could n't give none .
they gave _num_ % of what my truck was worth .
everybody else was very rude .
the seating in the waiting room was minimal .
change oil and rotate tires .
i recently had this experience while trying to purchase a new truck .
i promptly walked out and i am glad i did .
if you feel the need to be insulted , head on down to freeway .
i promise they wont disappoint on that end .
horrible and liars .
shortly after my review a response was posted asking me to contact them .
so i put my concerns in an email and sent that to him .
still no response .
8:30 this morning .
freeway and gm have failed me in all aspects in this area .
i would even settle for mediocre , but i will not be disrespected anywhere .
just took my truck in and was given a $ _num_ estimate for repairs !
i understand why you must charge more .
this is the second time this has been done .
they are just ridiculous .
totally disgusted .
i just do n't get it .
they really just do n't care about customers after you purchase a car .
its too bad because some dealers do .
i reply with `` hell no .
shady as hell !
i waited another week and sent another text .
i was told no more car washes .
was n't part of their original offer .
it 's no wonder chapman does n't put its name on this dealership .
go elsewhere to buy your chevy or used vehicle .
possibly the worst buying experience ever !
where the hell are the dealers i can help me with a test drive ?
i want to give the management props for the feedback .
how else would they have been able to check my credit ?
would you guys quit already !
stay far away from this crooked bunch .
do n't waste your time dealing at this place .
they gave excuse after excuse why they would n't honor the advertisement .
seems like a scam to me !
that 's a bit lengthy though .
sorry , bad suggestion .
just continue with the bad business ethics you 're working with .
there is a reason you only have a _num_ star average .
mine went up to $ _num_ from $ _num_ !
at least a _num_ hour wait .
the appointments do n't mean anything .
sub-par service .
this _num_ star review is for the sales team .
stop calling me !
big mistake .
not a good idea .
poor customer service .
rude .
needless to say the warranty ended .
this dealership is one of the worst !
well my old loan is still not paid .
i 'm military so i live my life by my _num_ army values .
sitting there and hearing this crap made me sick .
kevin just kept apologizing stating that mark was new and did n't know .
they have horrible customer service and all the employees will lie to your face !
ridiculous .
i wo n't be coming back .
i gave them _num_ stars instead of _num_ because they have a nice lobby .
extremely disappointed with the lack of ethics at this dealership .
avoid the frustration and multiple trips to this dealership and shop elsewhere .
the every next day he went back in to try to cancel .
they said there was no going back !
i called the services department for an estimate service time for an oil change .
i ended up waiting for almost three hours instead .
but again lack of communication .
and then you keep calling me .
a total waste of time .
total waste of time and money .
waste of money and time .
cvs minute clinic dropped the ball , big time !
then diagnosed him with what the computer said which was a miss diagnosis !
it cost me $ _num_ for this waste of time and money !
the reason for my _num_ star review ?
i saw no reason to be concerned .
as an update i am still on hold , _num_ minutes and counting .
what a shame that a medical provider feels this is acceptable .
then we walks away .
walk over to the no man 's land that is tile ... .
guess what ; no sales associate .
so i wonder around for a bit then give up and leave .
_num_ stars for customer experience at the hand of staff .
this home depot will not get my business again .
wrong .
does n't work .
he just stared at me and asked me for the key .
it takes him all of _num_ seconds and hands me the key .
i can never ever ever find someone to help me or answer a question .
_num_ employees walked right by me and never once asked if i needed help .
the other thing i ca n't stand is the self checkout .
nothing but attitude .
cranky , clearly did n't care about us .
terrible service .
my fianc and i ordered a product online .
she did not smile once the whole time .
apparently neither men could check out an online purchase .
they were very rude .
place needs new employees .
everyone is rude and unfriendly .
it is _num_ .
dont know why i keep coming here .
never can get help associates walk right by when im clearly looking for something .
there was no one around to ask for help .
we asked for help _num_ times and no one showed up in plumbing .
i was shocked at the bad customer service at this location .
the women explained that reservation have to be canceled _num_ hours in advance .
which is not the case .
i guess the hampton does n't work under those terms .
the worst doctor 's experience my boyfriend has ever had .
he gave my already anxious boyfriend a panic attack because of his actions .
i can not believe they allow him to even speak to patients !
unfortunately , i have not had much of a great experience with this doctor .
sometimes you really should listen to your patients .
i will not be returning .
when she answered the phone she already sounded annoyed .
we can not recommend this doctor .
i mean ... what the hell !
avoid this store .
i called prior to coming and i tried to make an appointment .
instead i sat there wondering where she went .
horrible wait time .
workers are super slow .
this is the worst customer service .
the sales person lied and lied and ripped us off .
horrible !
nope , was n't taken care of two weeks later .
no call back .
no results .
wish we never left verizon .
i 'm just going to deal with another sprint store from now on .
this is the worst store .
dont use these people any longer people if you want avoid these problems .
i only come here because the next closest one sucks just as much .
terrible customer service .
_num_ year warranty .
do n't switch
if i could give negative stars i would .
so as my phone constantly tries to connect the battery life is shit .
terrible customer service .
the worst customer service on this planet .
would go to another sprint store but they have terrible reviews too .
sprint rep was rude and extremely unhelpful on the phone .
i ca n't believe how ridiculous that is .
apparently neither they nor can fix their posted hours .
second , i hate to complain .
this crap does n't fly in vegas ; customer service is priority .
hampton inn which is next door and also hilton seems like a better option !
i tried to give her my confirmation number and she completely ignored it .
our lights did n't work in our room .
disappointing .
the housekeeping staff needs additional training .
the front desk clerk apologized and said housekeeping should have returned .
two people stayed in the room for _num_ nights .
do they really expect one little bottle of shampoo to last that long ?
there were not enough seats at breakfast - almost every morning .
the breakfast food selection was poor .
also individual oatmeal packets and hot water instead of real oatmeal was provided .
hampton inn style waffles appeared , but only during the weekend .
it sounded like a jet engine every time it started .
the television signal was terrible .
the room layout is awkward .
the enchilada was really salty and the lettuce was basically a spoon full .
i will never return nor will i recommend .
taco bell cooks better .
there were a few patrons sitting down .
since it is very close to my apartment , i might go back .
i went back for lunch .
it was not explained very clearly on the menu .
we were charged extra for more chips and the soda was watered down .
in the end , i just felt ripped off .
the food here is ok but nothing special .
the service and ambiance are very lacking .
very slow service this time .
she ca n't eat beef .
well it was beef and now she is sick .
when they are full they ca n't handle the volume .
i thought i would try this place out and support my local taco shop .
unfortunately i got screwed !
not impressed .
food was terrible .
did not feel me up .
this is the 2nd time i came here , and what a disappointment .
just terrible food .
i gave her the quarter , but she lost my business .
that was not cool .
zero stars .
came in to send out some flat rate boxes .
very poor service .
the worst nail place ever .
does not earn even one star .
completely rude to me , my mom , and my son .
would not let my son use the customer bathroom .
disgusting .
i repeat : do not ever ever ever go here .
worst manicure ever !
she was completely rude .
i do not know how this place manages to stay open .
she was pre paid so could care less .
i went in to get a refund for my teenage daughter .
i am not allowed to return to her store .
employees need more training .
taco bell , you have lost me and my co-workers as customers .
sad to say i will never return to taco bell again .
never in my life have i had food poisoning , and it is aweful .
ate there yesterday and just got out of the hospital with food poisoning .
worst customer service - ever !
prices are very affordable and the food is ok .
we only went to this place once and i was n't very impressed .
the food was nothing exciting and it is not a comfy atmosphere at all .
my first impression was that the dining room was extremely small and crowded .
the food itself was pretty mediocre .
i will not be back again .
my son had the french toast - he did n't like it .
too bad the food was just average and there are other better choices around .
what makes this ridiculous is the place is so small and never busy .
no bueno , nothing to write home about .
they sat _num_ other groups .
we went back inside and there was no room .
the server asked my fianc as we left if i was mad .
sadly , i was unimpressed .
it was okay , not bad , but just fairly bland and disappointing .
i should n't need to salt and hot sauce hash to give it flavor .
also kinda rude .
the food was n't bad but good is a stretch .
basic ingredients , the food was something anyone could have easily made at home .
overall i would not eat here again .
we wo n't be going back .
for us , the food was not memorable .
just not anything to return for , in our opinion .
i wo n't be going back .
very generic subpar food at high prices .
i 'm very sure that i will never purchase from this company ever again .
as if i would never again see my [ significant amount ] of money .
no call .
i went into purchase a mattress over memorial day weekend .
i then proceeded to wait until friday !
still no call !
that she would call me with a confirmation number for it .
they eventually printed out another one with much trouble .
i left still glad i cancelled my mattress with this company !
don '' t do business with these guys !
overall it was an ok experience .
the carpet in our room had stains on it and the bathroom was dirty .
no fridge , the ac did n't work properly .
will not be staying at this hotel again .
the old tile in the entry way needed to be removed .
mistakes happen .
either way , dale is still responsible for the mistake .
working with fine point finished was awful .
they were terrible with communication .
many times i never received a phone call .
we lost several hundreds of dollars to this company .
they completely destroyed the new cabinet installed as well as my brand new microwave .
do not use this company .
horrible .
worst experience of my life .
i have been to the dentist before .
your dentist asked that i prep your tooth for your crown .
you still have another _num_ minutes .
_num_ more minutes !
i could n't talk , move , my neck killed ... so he finished .
oh , and it 's not over .
seriously the worst , absolute experience of my life .
they did n't really know why i was there yet .
so i did the stupid scan , and guess what ?
very disappointed !
the cake decorating section is piss poor .
i could spend my life savings in there without much of a thought .
this store fails .
ignoring us does n't make us go away .
the last problem was evident after i got it home .
this store needs a serious corporate overhaul .
i usually like shopping at michaels but i just do n't like this store .
the customer service level also needs some upgrading .
luckily i could find the supplies i needed without needing any help .
very bad customer service .
take your money elsewhere or expect a major headache in dealing with this staff .
if i could rate them any lower i would .
disgusting , filthy , cramped store .
i really was disappointed by the customer service at this store .
it 's also messy and cramped !
i also tried calling in to ask about an item .
do n't be so surprised if they book you somewhere else later .
_num_ ) they dont know how to control their fire alarm system at 5am .
it went off for over two hours with no fire , on and off .
_num_ ) i would expect a toilet to flush .
keep your candy bars , chandler residence inn .
if you are using points do not stay at this hotel !
no respect for platinum members !
next time , will it be marriott 's or motel _num_ ?
... ... motel _num_ !
no complaints there .
well worn ( or should i say bad worn ) .
seven nights would be too long to stay in this place .
the sears employees did n't even know when they closed .
that 's poor customer service .
it indeed was sears to my surprise !
he said `` i am trying to work too and you cancelled . ''
i know , we 're weird .
but we got sick of getting sick .
other than that , the ambiance was irritating .
apparently there was not a manager ( or adult manager ) on site .
i wo n't be back .
so this review is nothing against the company itself .
first of all , i waited in line for approximately _num_ minutes .
they advised me to take the tacos back and speak to a manager .
had i eaten in chipotle , i probably would 've spoken to the manager .
poorly seasoned , and yes , frequently undercooked .
or maybe it 's a case where they 've become too big to care .
if you 're a regular , you know how bad it 's become .
maybe the current crew just lacks the ability to keep chipotle tasting like chipotle .
what a disappointment .
another two times the rice was under cooked .
portion size is way down .
first off the place was a hot mess today .
second , the customer service or should i say lack of customer service .
at this point i just want to get my food and leave .
i ended up throwing it away after just a couple of bites !
all in all this location is horrible , rude and messy .
i only order for either a veggie bowl or a chicken bowl .
more often than not the rice turns out undercooked and the chicken is dry .
oh , and the rice was under cooked also .
this is the 5th time they screw up mine and my friends ' order .
there was no wait , but still about _num_ people working the line .
we gave up and did n't finish our meals and left .
however this location was incredibly rude to me .
if you 're ordering for a big group everything will be wrong .
i again did n't eat because my food was soaking in a mystery juice .
every time i order online , they never have it ready , never correct .
going to the chandler mall one from now on .
always got the chicken , either in burrito or bowl .
this place has really gone downhill .
last _num_ visits the order that was placed online has been incorrect .
then ended up not giving me the guac for the chips .
now i remember why i do n't eat chipotle anymore .
my rice is hard my lettuce looks old .
and the service is the slowest i 've ever had .
to never forget how big our burrito is .
you will never get any on my money nor my business 's money !
$ _num_ for chips and guac is n't cheap !
unfortunately this one is pretty lame .
i got two enchiladas , one chicken and one beef .
neither meat is anything i 'd recommend or buy again .
it was n't awful but it was nothing i want again .
bad day ?
the only good thing about tonight 's experience was the waiter , bryan .
the salads were made with wilted lettuce and sore looking tomatoes .
however this is ass become less true over the recent years .
on my last trip they did not even have salmon .
i had the wood fire grilled salmon .
unfortunately , i was reminded of why i quit going here .
god you would think they had n't seen their uncle , well , ever !
my husband and i do not have kids nor do we want them .
quite irritating and inconsiderate actually .
i ordered the creamy lobster mashed potatoes and a cup of the clam chowder .
the clam chowder tasted canned .
actually the restaurant in general has gone downhill .
the price however , i am fairly certain has gone up .
but ... damn their seafood needs some change .
i could n't even finish the meal .
first bad experience though .
it may have just been a bad night .
unless you are just craving red lobster skip it .
long long long long wait for condiments and extra biscuits .
so , i asked , does the glaze have butter in it or something ?
: / not cool .
and the tartar sauce , has no taste .
we came here saturday night , because , i have been craving lobster .
the restaurant is under construction , so it looks tacky and smells like chemicals .
anyway that aside ... our waiter was the absolute worst !
the ice tea has cranberry juice in it , which is their signature drink .
i said , no , i will just have a hot tea .
another waiter brought us out our food .
this was expensive night out .
a $ _num_ bill and we were not even drinking alcohol .
sadly we will never go here again .
this night at red lobster was the worst .
it actually smelled like chemicals and building materials .
the worst part about this night was our waiter bob .
we had the worst possible service that you could imagine .
so that when someone else brought out our food they could not find us .
next was a caesar salad , which was good .
for my entree , i had the grilled honey bbq shrimp .
i was really unimpressed and thought it was bland .
for dessert , i had the brownie .
lobster was not fully cooked .
we both ordered grilled and steamed seafood dishes with salad & vegetables .
it was less than mediocre !
then our main dishes came and the seafood was horrible .
my scallops smelled funny and tasted bad .
our only positive thing was our server .
after _num_ minutes of waiting we got up & left .
do n't waste your time or money at this place !
what was wrong ?
for the two of us , it was an $ _num_ disappointment .
told by the servers it would be a 15-20 min wait by the hostess .
walked around the restaurant .
i 'm not sure what changed but something has happened with the shrimp .
nasty , salty and buttery food .
if you feel like getting a kidney stone , come here .
i had a bite of the salmon , yuck salt .
the sauce had oil sitting at the top of it .
my experience with her makes me not want to come back at all .
the place was n't even busy that night .
i was poor at a point in my life do n't judge .
and the mussels were dry not seasoned and cold !
sick !
no will i recommend to people i know ?
f # # k no !
nothing on the menu looked fresh .
i ordered a lobster soup , and it was way too salty .
yes , it tasted like frozen salt water seafood .
will not return again .
just real bad service .
either they are severely understaffed or just straight up lazy .
for me it was bad , lobster was dry and tough .
there is no happy hour .
wont be back !
the butter was too salty and the potato was overcooked .
the lobster on both was over done and rubbery .
the server larry is very rude .
but everything about the food was just not that great .
very bland tasting everything from start to finish .
soup , red curry bowl and the coconut princess dish .
this is where it begins .
meanwhile , my cousin and i sit there , completely shocked by her reaction .
sadly , i will never eat here again .
_num_ minutes after that , my wife 's vegetable curry came .
pad thai : average ( at best ) flavor .
vegetable curry : flavorless ( spice level _num_ too ! )
they do n't even have thai cooks ... they are mexican !
i do n't want thai people cooking my mexican food either !
tom yum soup tasted only like chicken broth .
try to get in the door before _num_ ; 11:30 if you can .
update : wait is way too long .
not worth it .
the dish was so salty i could n't finish it .
even if they did n't , it was pretty much inedible .
inedible in the same way a salad swimming in vinaigrette is .
the only vegetarian oyster is an oyster mushroom !
i mean , this thing was a pretty decent sized chunk of bird .
overall nothing really stood out .
we 'll keep looking for a better thai place to become our local go-to !
the waitress came and grabbed the dish away .
it was just ok .
she talked as if she was annoyed .
i was standing there with a signed receipt , a pen upset .
she was too busy sitting down at a table and talking to another server .
such an unacceptable behavior .
totally ruined my day .
never going back to be treated so terribly .
even upon arriving , i was utterly disappointed .
my duck was burnt as well ) .
i was wrong .
no thank you .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
how does this place have _num_ star reviews ?
the food is n't that great and staff is n't friendly either .
sad very sad .
worst thai restaurant i ever visited .
their curry dishes are awful .
i was not happy with taste .
pad se ew had alright flavor but a little on the dry side .
now , this franchise has started charging for red peppers and cheese packets .
terrible decision .
this pizza hut location has poor customer service !
i wo n't be ordering from here again .
papa johns is about the same distance , and they have better food .
but i ordered the buffalo pizza ( comes with buffalo sauce ) .
the buffalo sauce tasted more like a tangy syrup or something similar of .
threw my appetite off !
what a ripoff .
just like macaroni grill .
not a fan of oily over-cooked pasta .
i went here with my husband and daughter for dinner .
i most likely wont be going back .
a word of caution : never try any pasta dishes .
very little sauce and dry noodles ; a waste of money .
waiting area smells of dirty people and a spilled dip bottle .
i like pepper but not overpowering .
the pasta i ordered was very disappointing , very mushy .
we skipped dessert and took my leftover pasta home .
we ate at carrabba 's in chandler last night .
the service left a lot to be desired .
i caught the hostess drinking out of my child 's to-go cup .
the caesar salad was horrible .
the lettuce had been frozen and so it was wilted .
they messed up my entre and i had to send it back .
the waitress was nice enough but i will not be back !
this was the first time i 've eaten here and the last !
this place makes olive garden look like a _num_ star !
cheese melted but outside tasted like old grease .
the salad was lettuce , carrots and dressing .
i 'm not _num_ .
i at this point was furious that i waited so long for this .
i am not even exaggerating the hour wait .
and sauce wo n't help this overcooked piece of meat !
just from eating the salad and a couple bites .
i could not bring myself to do so this time .
the service was awful .
we did n't get checked on ... no refills and kind of rude attitude .
the ambiance was very wrong for a carrabba 's .
so , i finished my tea and got up and left .
guess i turned invisible for _num_ minutes there .
the staff could not be anymore friendly !
but the food was not good at all .
overall , i gave two stars because the staff there were very accommodating .
my husband just ate what he got .
oh my , ca n't say how bad this experience was !
if i could give it no stars , i would !
service was horrible !
food was mediocre !
only clean stall did n't have a lock on the door !
should have stopped there but i was hungry and ticket read gluten free .
even the soup , i mean really ?
waited forever for check , you get the point .
and i tried again tonight .
ate alone at bar to not take up much room .
no silverware .
asking for cheese seemed like i was awful to ask .
it 's sad .
the asparagus was burnt , salmon ok nothing to brag about .
that dish should n't have left the kitchen that way .
a little too late .
i 'm not returning .
it was n't impressive for what you pay for .
they really skimp on the salad dressing .
once he addressed it , it was still no .
no offer to grant this one time the lower price .
unfortunately this will probably be the last chance i give this place .
portion portions portions !
the portions have gone incredibly down yet the prices have gone up .
unbelievable .
finished it quickly and ate the rest of my kids dinner .
stingy greedy corporate management .
i 'm disgusted .
$ _num_ for a damn salad and i 'm leaving hungry !
hate it .
i would give this place _num_ stars if i could .
then i had the `` fettuccine carrabba '' it was awful .
it was greasy and tasteless !
wtf do n't recommend coming here !
ca n't get the time right ?
after that wait was told it would be _num_ more .
it 's a ripoff !
however , i had a far less than stellar experience here just this weekend .
wrong .
what an ordeal .
not so sure about this place anymore .
another fail for this store .
disgusting !
just no .
i do n't get it .
they are disgusting !
this place is always busy and i 've never been able to understand why .
today 's meal failed even that low standard .
the california omelet was not much better .
the veggies and cheese were barely cooked .
still have $ _num_ left on the gift card .
you should n't have '' no , seriously .
she really should n't have .
other than that i can think of no real reason to frequent here .
the food is mediocre at best and it 's incredibly overpriced .
the first thing i really hate about this restaurant is the menu size .
kind of on a side note , our waitress last night was really strange .
( um i do n't know , would you , creepy waitress lady ? )
so anyway , for two sandwiches , no drinks , we paid _num_ $ .
i do not understand it !
ok sorry for the rant .
we met some friends there , there were _num_ of us all together .
_num_ minutes later , my friends got their food .
the food was just okay , did n't really taste like much of anything .
glasses are tiny and the drink was not anywhere near good .
all in all a pretty bad experience .
they did n't even offer to take it off the bill !
but the to-go bakery orders get messed up every time i come here .
it 's like they just do n't care .
i 've just had bad experiences getting the to-go bakery items .
the salmon was undercooked , so i asked the server to cook it more .
overpriced , underwhelming food .
i ca n't believe i spent $ _num_ here .
it makes me die a little to write that .
last two times i have been there , the food was terrible to eat .
the feeling of thinking about it while writing this makes me sick !
never going back to this place nor am i recommending it to anybody else .
i do n't understand this place .
the sauce and the chicken did not go together at all .
my wife had the chicken mushroom lettuce wrap .
only the vanilla ice cream and whipped cream were any good .
the chance i returned to this restaurant is very slim .
the bread was cold and hard .
so that was n't a very good start of the meal .
worst service ever !
i was seated in a section that was pretty much empty .
kids like it and its not a bad vibe .
for reasons i do n't fully understand i tried to eat here tonight .
if zero was a choice i 'd go with that .
i 'm sorry , but waiting an hour for _num_ meals is not acceptable .
cheesecake factory does some things well but breakfast is n't one of them .
i 'll be back , but not for breakfast .
btw , the food is under cook !
i did n't expect fine dining but this was tasted like overpriced tv dinners .
it used to be ok now it just falls way short of acceptable .
sure enough , we got there and it was a _num_ minute wait .
drinks were slow getting out , another _num_ minutes .
food was also slow getting out .
we were probably here _num_ minutes before we got our food .
he did offer my husband another beer though and promptly brought that out .
if you must go to cheesecake , opt for the biltmore location !
worst service i 've ever received at a cheesecake factory .
that took another _num_ minutes to arrive and my steak was very raw .
though the steak was bad the french fries were alright .
service is mediocre .
the wait was supposed to be _num_ minutes .
then the hostess claimed to have buzzed us , which never happened .
will not be returning .
customer service was not that great .
why not just have us wait ?
we have been doing cheesecake factory for years and never been disappointed until tonight .
i ca n't stand the taste and smell of them .
the waitress who took the order never apologized or acknowledged the issue .
dirty and expensive .
the wait was n't too long , about _num_ minutes on a sunday night .
the catfish actually looked like fried chicken .
i was so disappointed when i saw that there was barely any pasta .
i am not coming back here ... not even worth it .
terrible , horrible , no good , very bad service .
for _num_ a slice of cheesecake you would think they would be more attentive !
will not be back .
too expensive and obviously they do not care about a customer .
have n't been here in a while but not as good as i remembered .
also , expect to wait 3x the amount of time that you 're told .
about the only thing i could add was salt or pepper .
the waitress had no idea i was there again .
_num_ stars only because i enjoyed the cheesecake , waitress was rude to us .
our food was so bland .
just a huge bowl of noodles no flavor .
yes it 's not made fresh and shipped from california .
tonight the chicken was terrible so over cooked it was like eating turkey jerky .
almost no sauce so we sent it back .
second time it was worse so we ordered something different .
came out great but the mashed potatoes ice cold not warm at all .
this is a sign of a major problem in my opinion .
more than half the time the food is not right .
guess i 'm not the only one .
just wish they could be as good as the california locations .
i was here with two friends and everything just seemed to go wrong .
no server to be found .
very disappointing for such an expensive upper scale restaurant .
hit and miss at this place decent food , bad service .
that was n't any fun .
i was very fond of this place until last night !
were they going to wait for the worst to happen !
just ignored it !
i 'm really disappointed with them .
never come back to this place .
horrible experience never again are we dining at this location .
got orders all wrong .
regardless the wait time service was just horrible .
while my server was excellent , the hostess was curt and somewhat rude .
i probably wo n't come to this location again .
i do n't remember this same set up at the phoenix location .
the hostess ( girls up front ) are n't the friendliest .
it can get pretty busy at dinner time , especially on a weekend !
we ordered cheesecake only , and killed it in about _num_ minutes .
because there is virtually no flavor .
thanks for nothing .
but unfortunately the food for the price we paid was not good .
the burger was undercooked .
the only thing that tasted for what we paid for was the filet mignon .
probably the worst pasta i have ever tried anywhere .
the manager came over replacing the pasta with a pasta alfredo which was excellent .
he started off really bad and did n't even smile .
later on it got better .
this review is n't about that .
this is based on my incredibly disappointing dining experience .
but when it came -- late i may add -- there were no plantains .
finally i flagged down the waiter and asked where the plantains were .
twenty something minutes later , my plantains came .
everyone else had already eaten .
my food was then cold .
not acceptable .
it was kind of pathetic .
the shrimp was so dry and overcooked .
like way overcooked .
the noodles were a little bland .
this dish was nothing spectacular .
kind of a disappointment .
next time we want to go out to dinner it wo n't be here .
meanwhile _num_ people have sat after us , received their food and _num_ left .
major food poisoning at this place .
had diarrhea for _num_ days _num_ hours after eating there .
first bad experience at a cheesecake factory .
wo n't be going back to this location .
do n't eat here if you 're vegan .
first off , i ordered the veggie burger without cheese or mayo .
additionally , my sister ordered mac and cheese and it was never brought out .
the waiter asked me if i wanted cheesecake .
ordered the salmon combo with shrimp scampi for _num_ dollars .
both food and service are extremely inconsistent compared to other locations .
about _num_ minutes later , i noticed her place a bag on the counter .
five minutes later , she put another order up on the counter .
the food was good , but the service was lacking .
no one there ; no one around .
i love b & n , but this one apparently has lousy management .
must be having a bad day or something .
i rate this location with _num_ star due to the staff being rude .
this is my first time in this location and it was an awful experience .
the bathroom was not clean and not well kept .
the starbucks cafe was a joke .
the gals behind the counter were slow and rude ?
stay away .
when i got to the register they would not accept honor the coupon .
i went to customer service to get my refund .
not my favorite place .
needless to say , i did not purchase from best buy .
i was then promised a appointment at _num_ pm saturday .
fail hugo from best buy of chandler !
what a customer service nightmare !
i would not come here again for anything .
everything is over priced ... really this is just a showroom for amazon .
if ya have to get something do so with no strings attached .
_num_ hours wasted for absolutely nothing .
walked back to the service bay to talk with someone with a head .
_num_ hours wasted , just for install of bad merchandise .
wow this place is surprisingly bad .
sadly my last two visits have fallen way short of expectation .
the worst customer service .
i wish i could give no stars ... ... .
the worst experience i have ever had with customer service also .
the management at every level is horrid .
sounds like there should be some changes in this store starting with bob .
too expensive on most products .
at walmart , $ _num_ .
f this place !
employees would rather sit and play on their phones than help customers find stuff .
_num_ minutes later i was still standing in line waiting .
keep in mind i must have been one of _num_ customers in the store .
it was not busy at all .
long story short .
i find it unacceptable to not be greeted when your store is dead slow .
this was by far my worst best buy experience ever .
they might not last anywhere else .
horrible service and product knowledge , even worse .
i get the charger i needed and walk to the front .
i see _num_ people at the customer service counter all talking to each other .
never shopping here again .
they would not help me .
instead , i am left to dig and search for the answers .
auto pay should just be done in the store .
worst customer service experience ever !
he told me i needed to wait and check it in at my appt .
when i told him that was a _num_ min .
i grabbed my tower and went to my truck .
_num_ min .
_num_ min .
ahead of me and i would have to wait the _num_ min .
once again , she told me i would have to wait my _num_ min .
terrible customer service .
had a return , with a debit card that no longer existed .
he would issue the credit and the bank could send me a check .
bull !
do n't waste your time .
bad attitude , bad review .
staff and manager did not care and were rude .
i do n't drink alcohol so i do n't find the bar atmosphere appealing .
i actually find the meat market vibe annoying .
it used to be incredible .
the server was very polite .
and the place was not even full of people .
bad service do not recommend going there .
it comes down to service or lack of .
she is only _num_ .
we very nearly left , thoroughly disgusted .
we probably wo n't go back .
very cool environment but the worst and slowest service .
the manager did not apologize even once for the situation .
very disappointed in the way she handled it .
very disappointing food quality .
made the mistake of bringing my _num_ year old .
is n't that a side dish ?
how lazy can a parent be than to serve a kid macaroni and cheese .
chicken with mozzarella sandwich and i had the salmon .
it was way too much to pay for frozen meals .
the rice was swimming in soy sauce and pineapple .
the salmon , just more frozen fair .
the ciabatta roll was dry and tasteless .
its a shame they ca n't handle both .
the food at kona grill was good ... but everything else sucked .
it was _num_ degrees outside , so we opted for indoor seating .
the hostess provided us with menus and the server was prompt to greet us .
but then i noticed that there was no happy hour menu to be found .
are you kidding me ?
my crab crunch roll , however , was wrong .
the shrimp were also on crispy rice noodles that are normally edible .
these tasted like stale styrofoam .
horrible service .
only sit if you have a bunch of hours to kill .
we might try hh again at kona but definitely not at this location !
not a nice dude .
what a huge disappointment .
unfortunately the service was horrible .
huge disappointment .
however , not anytime soon .
the bad part part was the service , simply horrible .
the table was not well cleaned , the waiter got an attitude and ignorant .
i am not sure if i will go back .
none were to be found !
our waitress refilled our drinks and then disappeared !
but ... our waitress was nowhere to be found , again !
we ca n't even pay for our food , so let 's go . ''
and walked off .
it 's very disappointing - the service is n't always great .
the service is slow and the sushi is n't consistent .
once again its not consistent .
but the service is so bad that it usually ruins the meal .
sushi comes out warm because the servers are so slow .
do not go for the service ... maybe just order food to go .
their sushi is horrible , their food is like an old lean cuisine meal .
i feel bad for the waitresses that have to work their .
really like sitting on the patio or in the bar area .
however , the main dishes are mediocre at best .
both were prepared well but pretty much tasteless and boring .
not on any planet .
i met with a few friends on friday night for dinner and drinks .
it took over _num_ minutes to get the three orders of saki and beer .
it is a nice place but very lacking in service .
the oriental salad i ordered lacked presentation .
it looked like a big bowl of cole slaw and nothing else .
the flavor was okay , but nothing that knocked my socks off .
i doubt we will be back .
prices are higher than the average sushi restaurant and portions are less .
i have had way better sushi with more portions and cheaper prices .
do n't think ill be visiting a kona grill again .
prices are higher than the average sushi restaurant and portions are less .
i have had way better sushi with more portions and cheaper prices .
do n't think ill be visiting a kona grill again .
should have stuck to the food court .
menu is limited and expensive .
service is ridiculously slow .
flat sodas .
small portions ( kids menu is a total ripoff ) .
taste of food is just meh .
bathroom is dirty with trash on floor .
lighting is awful and makes you sleepy .
expensive mistake to make while hungry .
next time , well , anything else .
it tasted like a whiskey sour - with a ton of sour .
we sent it back and he ordered a different drink instead .
really inappropriate .
our sushi came roughly about _num_ minutes after the wine ordeal .
the sushi was sub-par but i had already expected that .
if not for that i would 've given this place _num_ star .
the patio may have a different setup as far as the staff goes though .
we flag down our waitress and i apologized and point out the bug .
she said `` ok '' and walked away .
you should have said something earlier and i could have fixed it . ''
very small sushi portions !
when are they gon na expand their asian beer offerings ?
the place was a mess .
granted , it was a saturday night , but still .
the chicken was lackluster and barely crusted or cooked .
the service was nonexistent .
the entrees also took so long to prepare .
i do n't even understand how it was possible to take so long .
i would not come back .
it 's not worth it - esp .
for how much money kona charges too .
overcooked but cold .
flavorless and expensive .
i said not good .
do not sit at the bar at this location even worse .
managers that do n't care if your food is undercooked or the wrong thing .
worst sushi and service ever !
also our sushi smelled very very fishy it was almost gross .
might try again another time probably not .
too bad .
tonight i walked in ahead of my team of _num_ .
the entire menu is over-priced and the food is mediocre at best .
sushi was horrible .
i 'm sorry bummed about this place .
gross .
thick , thick , tough chicken .
bland food .
waste of money .
my friend 's order came out wrong .
wrong !
then the manager insisted it was correct .
sorry , it 's easy to tell raw from cooked onions .
it was unbelievable !
sushi is decent , but service is very slow .
managers running around doing everything except making sure good customer service is happening .
a miss for me .
i 'm bummed about this though .
i 'm sorry but something goes wrong every single time i come here .
today , brought _num_ items to the counter , came home with _num_ .
the selection is really , really slim .
wish there was more peanut flavor to the dishes that call for it .
most panda 's that i have been too are pretty tasty fresh and generous .
too add insult to failure there was no hot mustard ... again .
i would not recommend getting food from them ever again .
their serviced was n't acceptable !
i was like no i dont !
this is a bad !
never will i or my family go back .
each appointment was early in the morning & _num_ year apart .
the waiting room was standing room only , both times .
now i can not even get the phone answered .
extremely disappointed with the lack of communication in your housekeeping staff .
housekeeping came to my room to wake me up _num_ times within _num_ hours .
i explained to the floor supervisor that i would be checking out late .
stayed for two nights in february _num_ ( _num_ and _num_ ) .
the worst hotel experience ever .
never will stay in hyatt again .
they left us high and dry .
they did n't even have the courtesy to call us .
completely unprofessional and i would not recommend them to anyone .
overall it was the worst restaurant experience i 'd ever had .
we sat there , they all sang and walked away .
did i really just pay _num_ for this pathetic sandwich ?
i do n't know what went wrong with this place .
the last few times were terrible .
we explained why but she did n't seem to be too concerned .
i think i 'm just going to find another location .
disappointing location .
ordered the whiskey river bbq burger ... looked nothing like the picture !
i ordered to go for the first time and am extremely disappointed !
i 've never seen a burger so gross .
they looked and smelled like they sat on a grill for hours !
service is always horrible .
a female server was training a new guy and she was very rude .
so disappointed .
the burger was nothing like the photo .
bottomless fries but the staff never comes back after delivering the initial order .
water glasses empty , fries empty , right under an air conditioning vent .
we were so excited to try this place and it was a total bust .
i will not be rushing back to this place .
do n't waste your time with this location .
we 've currently been waiting _num_ minutes for our drinks .
which include a coke , beer , and chocolate milk .
that was about _num_ minutes before our orders were taken .
and he never checks to see his the meal is .
and why a single diner gets ignored ... .
i get the new fries but they are as cold as the first ones .
so i did n't even bother to order more .
still waiting for coffee after asking _num_ times .
very disappointing .
not a good value for the money .
the service is poor also .
i would not recommend this restaurant .
it was gross and i lost my appetite as did my brother and mom .
we walked out and i will never come back .
the food was fine , but it was very overpriced .
it was $ _num_ for _num_ burgers and drinks .
it should of been less but they would n't honor the birthday burger coupon .
its red robin , mediocre food for a high price .
what a disaster .
i tried twice to pick it up and had grease running down my hands .
i left hungry and pissed off .
my time and my money were both wasted at this place .
what a disaster .
i tried twice to pick it up and had grease running down my hands .
i left hungry and pissed off .
my time and my money were both wasted at this place .
what on earth happened here ?
new decor and no service .
_num_ minutes and no drink order taken .
we never even had a server stop by our table .
not worth it .
no waitress was assigned to us and we were just sitting there .
not even a lot .
she was giving me an attitude and everything .
ruined my experience and i will not be back .
that is so unbelievably disgusting !
with all that happening , we were waiting for our check .
terrible service towards the end .
mediocre service .
probably wo n't be back .
not very impressed .
there were ten of us , so i understand some issues but dear lord .
i 've never had such terrible service .
our server ignored us _num_ % of the time we were here .
our food was cold and the broccoli was rubbery .
it was so bad .
i would not recommend this place .
she did n't even greet us she just took the order and left .
food took about _num_ minutes to get and we hardly saw our server .
burger was horribly overcooked !
i had _num_ bites left by the time she finally came back around .
i do n't know why people like red robin .
first off , the service was bad .
the food is n't all that great .
so i guess none of it was good .
my food came out cold and dry .
the manager dave came over and was very dismissive and rude .
no excuse .
very disappointing .
red robin used to be my go to restaurant for every birthday .
it 's disappointing to see such a wonderful place of gathering spoiled by technology .
i will probably never go to a red robin again .
a straw will not work .
not my best experience .
whiskey river wrap dry and not very full .
and worst of all - beer was not very cold !
for shame !
i 'm not sure why everything took so long today .
horrible lunch .
server was nice , but ... everything in general not so much .
when i ordered the dog the cashier asked me what i wanted on it .
coming from chicago , i asked for mustard , relish and onions .
he then proceeded to tell me that my total was $ _num_ .
crazy ... stick to the sunday 's here ... .
but the last _num_ times employees have tried to fool me with garbage .
smoothies are n't supposed to be watery !
i do n't do screaming .
but just do n't say i did n't warn you .
their food is sandwiches ( hot or cold ) , soups , and salads .
i ordered a soup in a sourdough bread bowl .
service was very slow for just soup and sandwich .
really slow .
probably about _num_ minutes to get the food .
frankly , it was ridiculous .
the soup itself was tomato garlic .
we did n't have a great experience here .
i ordered the grilled cheese and it was really just a greasy mess .
this was disappointing to say the least and perhaps was an isolated incident .
then again , most likely not .
pretty disappointed given how promising the initial contact seemed to be .
they did n't give my son a cookie with his kid 's meal .
even the customers were rude !
my friend had never been here before and ordered incorrectly for the pick _num_ .
with a totally inappropriate tone .
i probably should have because i 'm still completely offended .
she was so rude .
i 'm so sorry ! ''
to my friend , yet did n't ask what happened or offer an apology .
the register with unhappy stunned faces .
i 'm so embarrassed !
after coming here two times , this will be my last .
the food came fast , fairly clean restaurant , most things check out .
this was terribly overcooked .
it is a shame and an amateur mistake .
generic , flavorless food .
disappointed and wo n't be returning .
then i pushed .
no open .
it included an egg roll which did n't taste like the typical egg roll .
this is n't food network , and you are n't iron chef .
my wife refuses to be near me .
there is nothing `` fantastic '' about this place .
immediately when i walked in i felt a bad vibe .
and looked like she just ate a % & it sandwich .
no smiles or friendly attitude at all .
worst of all was the haircut itself .
one of the worst haircuts i ever had .
never going back .
i will not go back there .
any how i came in on a saturday afternoon .
the end of the session was the worst .
bottom line , i will never be back .
first its mid _num_ 's in the place and no one spoke to me .
got a haircut in less than _num_ minutes .
i paid $ _num_ and was worried that i had caught something .
worst mexican in the valley .
shame !
it 's like the rainforest cafe of mexican food .
what an disaster of a restaurant .
went once , hated it , will never be back .
the sangria tastes like fruit juice - ick .
food was meh ... really expensive too .
not impressed ... never went back .
but it 's also for the most part very forgettable .
there 's just no flavor , much less any spice .
i do not know why this is so highly rated .
mediocre at best .
i will not be back .
i ordered a cheese quesadilla , and it left much to be desired .
the chips were also nothing special .
mediocre food and so so service .
the salsa tasted , ( and looked ) , like tomato paste .
chips greasy and thin .
salsa thin and watery .
i was starving ( what else is new ? )
on a friday night so i dragged my boyfriend out for some mexican fare .
when dessert was offered , we politely declined .
i was very embarrassed .
first off , the atmosphere was nice .
the refried beans were very bland .
no lard for sure !
he hated it so much that he did n't eat much .
my guess , flank or skirt steak !
the veggies under it were not mexican !
they were soupy and tasted like liquid smoke !
just gross and very over priced !
shrimp cocktail was terrible .
hit a street taco vendor instead .
chips are thin .
husband complained of not many fixings .
nothing special about it at all .
the cheese was weird .
the rice was tasteless like they didnt use spices .
same went for the beans just bland and yuck .
i do n't like leaving bad reviews , but this place is getting one .
the chips & salsa were mediocre at best , probably not even that .
beer was ok i guess - got a pitcher .
i 'd never go back .
skip it .
they were okay , nothing special .
my friend order their chicken and steak fajitas , she said it was okay .
but if you are coming for gluten free food , go elsewhere .
it was very bad .
the ground beef was either old or spoiled and it tasted sour .
the waitress looked at me and said , `` you do n't like it ?
still deciding , huh ? ''
and then walked away .
the charge was taken off the bill .
the food was not impressive nor was the service .
tasted a little watered down .
they brought chips and _num_ salsas .
my bill was $ _num_ .
- after tip i walked out spending $ _num_ for a below average meal .
had dinner here last night and overall it was poor .
if you are looking for a cool , hip restaurant this is n't it .
margarita was good but gone after just a few drinks .
for $ _num_ i expected a bit more grande than what i got .
jalapeo fritters were the best thing i ate .
yes , they have _num_ types of salsa ... .
the green one is just plain offensive .
let 's see ... flavorless and waaaay overlooked .
just plain bad !
with their order , they received a plate of lettuce , onion , cheese .
one politely asked if they could get a little more .
that 's just not providing a positive customer experience , imo .
our server was fine and the food is just ok .
the salsa left much to be desired .
i filled my glass three times , but the alcohol content was very low .
as for the actual meal , i do n't know where to begin .
honestly , the whole meal was just ick .
fried ice cream is not to be found anywhere on the menu .
i would avoid this restaurant .
today , i experienced the worst food and service i 've ever had .
the hostesses did n't greet us , and sat us down without a word .
unfortunately , i was quite disappointed .
while the food and drinks were delicious , the service was horrible .
their green salsa is out of this world .
there was a digital screen on our table !
it was literally white rice cooked with cilantro and i think that was it .
no seasonings to speak of .
bland , bland , bland !
i had some shrimp , quesadillas and poppers .
shrimp was good but rice was stale .
the food is bland and i would n't pay to eat food like this .
i was not happy with what i ate .
i ordered the _num_ variety fajitas .
the rice was cold and the beans were dry .
now , i 'm not sure if i want to go back .
quite frankly i 've had better mexican food elsewhere .
the place closed at _num_ you would have thought i shot the hostesses dog .
should not let teenagers who want to go home greet customers .
the quesadilla was soggy and had bell peppers in it ?
first of all the salsa dip trays are a total joke .
hardly any room for salsa .
i was totally wrong !
horrible rude disgusting food !
the waitress was a total bit # h and the food was gross .
i ordered fajitas and my tortillas were all crispy and tasted ancient .
another horrible experience .
_num_ minutes before we got drinks , _num_ minutes until food arrive .
was the excuse .
sucks .
and was very bland and flavorless .
it was instant potatoes !
like they walked to walmart next door and bought a _num_ bag .
i buy those myself so i know what it tastes like .
nothing was worth going back for .
it was like you were paying for the scenery , and not the food .
at valle luna right now and they 're salsa taste so much better .
we were given complimentary cards to return , and i wish i had n't .
every time i 've been back since the service has n't been much better .
after putting our name in we were told _num_ - _num_ minutes .
this is not authentic mexican food .
so disappointed .
and i do love mac .
over the weekend , on sat .
she was horrible , very bad customer service .
so thumbs down to mac this weekend .
thumbs down !
awful and absurd .
the mac counter is the worse !
horrible stuck up over made up stuck up associates .
i had the worse experience at mac yesterday .
i will never spend my money at this mac counter again !
employees are rude and completely unhelpful .
i had the worse experience at mac yesterday .
i will never spend my money at this mac counter again !
not good .
if not , scottsdale would be worth the long trip !
i wish i could give this store _num_ stars .
the worst people work here .
rude customer service .
i ca n't stress enough how badly their customer service has gotten .
very short and rude .
ummmm , let me check . ''
she said all she could do was apologize for the bad experience .
every time my experience here get 's worse .
it would probably be better to just shop online at this rate .
so my girlfriend and i went to get our makeup done for my wedding .
they had to scramble to find somebody who could do our makeup .
there are no words to describe how completely mortified i was .
had the worst guy at the men 's shoe department `` help '' me .
really there should be no stars .
no service .
no acknowledgement .
no customer service at all .
no sale .
i was very disappointed with the service .
it is now 6pm , and i am still waiting .
so , _num_ minutes after my appointment time , i am still waiting .
i walked out .
rumors have been said they will not exist after _num_ .
then it died in _num_ weeks ( total death - nothing worked ) .
so they replaced it after a few weeks .
please do n't spend your money here .
it was never opened .
i left my number and asked for him to call me .
nothing happened .
why do n't they just take the sign down .
i was upset that they wasted so much of my time .
goodbye , i 'm going to macy 's .
they do not care if customers are helped or walk out happy .
the process to actually get it installed was incredibly frustrating though .
the worst customer service ever !
store manager sucks !
i am done with sears , except for exclusive items that nobody else carries .
finally , after _num_ people , i get someone who knew !
so , husband went in person and applied for himself .
no card , no number .
it could only be used in the store , not online .
the stores refused to honor any and all online prices .
they also would not extend the credit limit to add another appliance .
i asked for a price quote through their website the evening before .
it was empty and sad , obviously on its last legs .
i was purchased mattress around june _num_ _num_ .
but credit card statement shows we owe all the payment with nothing we received .
do n't buy anything from sears .
the person on the phone can barely speak or understand what you are saying .
sears website said this location had _num_ available for sale with $ _num_ off .
at that price it should have been done professionally .
no call back .
called the next day and was assured a manager would call me immediately .
no call back .
he seemed more interested getting away from the situation rather than fix it .
at the end , i am returning everything .
i 've never experienced anything quite this bad in my entire life .
it is no wonder to me that sears is losing business .
please avoid at all costs !
it indeed was sears to my surprise !
he said `` i am trying to work too and you cancelled . ''
they are eager to take our money but customer service is totally lacking !
i walk in the mall frequently .
what poor customer service consistently .
i got there _num_ minutes prior to closing .
my wife was behind me walking so i was waiting for to pay .
they must not associate their name with pizza .
$ _num_ a pizza is not average though .
not that good , and too expensive .
the service is consistently bad , mediocre on a good day .
she asked for tomatoes , but no sauce .
i 'm not sure why sliced tomatoes were impossible , but they were .
without these free meals i would never come back here .
so i complained to corporate and got sent my free meals .
first visit we used _num_ of the free meal coupons .
so there is obvious a service issue here .
otherwise there is no reason to eat here .
crappy service , just ok food .
i figured california pizza kitchen would have better quality pizza .
the crust was so thin and tough to chew .
i 'm scared to see what an actual thin crust pizza would be like .
my husband and i spent $ _num_ just for pizza !
it took another _num_ minutes before anyone came over .
we were picking up our purses to leave when the waiter finally came over .
service was a little slow .
but that was n't what bothered me .
grossed me out .
from what we could see , she was only waiting _num_ tables .
anyways , so long story short , we were very displeased on that front .
hands down worst experience ever !
our waiter was just lost .
patrick he was awesome !
i had dinner here tonight with my friend and we sat in a booth .
she then walked away also .
i was n't too happy about .
food was ok but , without the soup , i left kinda hungry .
very very disappointed .
so disappointed .
i , along with my brother ordered a pepperoni pizza and the baja chicken .
it was only correct that our food was paid for .
i would n't recommend this place .
i could smell it once i was about _num_ yards from restroom .
the smell of the restroom ruined my meal .
but this spot was n't anything spectacular .
decor was average and it had nothing really memorable about its area .
very bland and doughy .
horrible customer service here .
i wrote them an email telling them how wrong that is .
baja fresh is going down hill .
i agree with the last reviewer , this baja is going downhill .
it took at least _num_ min to get chips .
unacceptable .
i usually ordered two crispy fish tacos , so i did the same .
the dread i felt when i saw them .
it was ridiculous .
this location is pretty bad .
i have been here twice and seen none behind the counter at all .
they tend to always put way too many raw onions in the burritos .
not like it !
i was so disappointed by the service provided by michelle in march this year .
it was such a terrible experience that i will never try this place again !
however , i will not let her touch my hair any longer .
so we charge what the computer says . ''
me : `` you need to get the manager over here now .
she rang up the jeans at the discounted price .
but the more i thought about the experience , the more irritated i became .
that 's not exactly accurate .
the district manager may choose to call me or may not .
well , i choose , too .
there 's about three stores that have these same clothes and this is one .
you really need to be on the slim side to fit into these .
store tries to play off the `` so cal '' vibe .
my only complaints are the lighting which is very minimal and directed .
the worst service ever .
why not check it out .
do you not see a customer with a stack of pants to purchase ?
no wonder it was $ _num_ .
thanks but no thanks .
bad mall sushi .
the olive garden is bad .
( did i just blow your mind ? )
the worst .
its reheated packaged food .
the waitress seemed to be in a very bad mood .
the service however was mediocre to poor .
the waiter needs to learn proper etiquette .
my family left and it 's been close to _num_ minutes .
i 'm not coming to this og again !
she was nervous , slow and unorganized but smiled the whole time .
clearly under trained so i would look to the managers for that one !
consider yourself warned !
just a follow up to my earlier review .
this place now has the worst servers i have seen anywhere .
quite often the soup has been sitting forever and is horrible .
but as for the food ... well , they were not impressive at all .
entree : stuffed rigatoni with sausage & herb grilled salmon .
also , breadsticks are free of charge , too .
( but they are really salty . )
went there for mother 's day and very disappointed .
the food was absolutely terrible .
the food seemed quite bland .
fast food experience at sit down prices .
our party of only _num_ got bumped twice by hostess .
it was twenty minutes for our drinks to arrive .
had to get up and have another server run our card to pay .
waitress got our take-out order wrong .
this was not even the dinner rush !
lots of workers were standing around all the time .
they all looked like chickens without heads .
by the end of the night , we were running out of this place .
it 's almost like it was old chicken or something .
i tried to eat it but i just could n't .
service was ok - nothing special .
every single booth in that area was dirty with all the dishes still there .
i really mean all of them !
what happened to this place tonight i thought ?
never to come back during late dinner hours .
the _num_ employees i saw were just chit chatting their night away .
went there with my mom on feb _num_ , _num_ around 6pm .
the dining room was virtually empty !
why the dining area is near empty but we ca n't be seated ?
when she walked away we just looked at each other like wow !
decided quickly this was not okay and got up and left .
treating us like we were the issue is not okay .
so disappointed .
we were told it would be a _num_ to _num_ minute wait .
this time told _num_ to _num_ wait , or the bar .
went in the bar , tables open but dirty .
no one gave us a menu ; no one said hello .
my review of this particular olive garden is , unfortunately not a favorable one .
i try to never eat here .
the food is bland and overpriced .
very bland food here .
very little meat in the sandwiches and to much bread !
but this place is very overrated .
this situation alone was bad enough .
i did n't need to horrible service too .
purchased from their online site , had original receipt .
terrible customer service !
not that anyone was keeping track of who was there .
stayed here for _num_ days .
for $ _num_ i do n't know if you can do much better .
the service was pretty bad .
there was no cold water .
so let me start off saying for the price i paid it was amazing !
there is not a very good barrier between rooms .
think `` _num_ days of summer '' .
they might eventually get to fixing , or not .
this place is so awful ... .
but really for them to even say that was whats wrong ?
salesman was pleasant but suggested purchasing outside vendor base to save money .
this is not the same company .
plus i hardly trust them to refund me fully at this point .
after _num_ short months it stopped working .
the only option they offered was to send it in for repair .
its actually _num_ _num_ weeks when all is said and done .
not to mention an expensive product that cant make it _num_ days .
extremely bad customer service on this one .
wendy 's used to be my favorite fast food restaurant .
their fries are terrible too as of late .
unfortunately , i can not rate by service alone .
food wise , everything is way to salty for me .
wish i could give _num_ stars .
consistently gets order wrong .
went to mcdonald 's across the street instead .
apparently wendy 's does n't open until 10am .
excuse me , last time i checked i am the customer .
complete waste of my time and they have lazy incompetent workers .
brought a flash drive to have them make copies .
i had over _num_ copies .
the best deal was on toilet paper - _num_ rolls for $ _num_ .
very poor quality control .
many of the pieces were not cut properly and have rough edges .
i am planning on sending it back !
there was no quality control on the part of sam 's club !
do n't get their tire rotation and balance program plan .
so as usual sam 's is a complete rip off !
supervisor tells her to run the number and it does n't work .
bad experience with their member service team today .
plus , my car has water spots as the car wash is so-so .
as a result , stone creek dental refused to clean my teeth .
so i did not get my x-rays either .
the other dentists would not comment about another office .
stay away !
i 'm having the same problems as the other reviews .
no deep cleaning claim was submitted , which is required by delta dental .
big ripoff !
this place is a total scam .
at that point , i was wondering why they did n't start cleaning .
that 's right , _num_ .
please avoid at all costs and spread the word .
it 's too late when i read all the reviews here .
they gave me the x ray and the examination but not the regular cleaning .
the receptionist started to deny what she said to me .
just as i agree with other people over here , do not go here .
when i came back for the fillings was where it all went to shit .
i could n't feel it obviously but it looked painful .
i felt like pizza so this was closest stop .
the board outside said _num_ slices and a coke for _num_ .
coke i 'm assuming because she seen my water .
meh ... not rushing back.
we wo n't be going back .
they do n't deliver to our area so we picked up .
we ordered the pear gorgonzola dinner salad and a medium thin crust margarita pizza .
it was hardly filling .
i was really disappointed .
it makes me sad but i probably wont be ordering from here again .
the streets of new york said delivery would take _num_ min .
we were all a little disappointed to be honest .
too bad .
i 'm a big pizza fan and this was just sad .
well , no worries there because we all get lost at times .
but the pizza , i thought , was subpar .
a margarita pizza with no sauce .
the price was $ _num_ plus tip .
service was terrible and the restaurant had very few customers .
our chicken wings came out cold so we sent them back .
salad that i ordered was missing some of the ingredients on the menu .
would not return to this location .
pizza was lackluster , overpriced , and layered in too much cheese .
so glad my kids did n't touch any of the chicken .
disgusting !
next , they did n't do anything to make it better .
only took _num_ minutes .
the food was just bad .
garlic cheesy bread was burnt and soggy .
total bill was $ _num_ .
wo n't be back .
my hat goes off to him for trying .
why the heck people think gluten-free food has to taste bland is beyond me .
`` are you going to get a drink ? ''
then i realized it had been _num_ minutes before we saw our waiter again .
and let me just say breakfast is not their strong point .
we do n't need chips and salsa , we 're supposed to get cornbread !
the chips and salsa were not good .
my food was not good- i ordered the breakfast enchilada .
um , no .
group dinner here was terribly bland .
this is the olive garden of phoenix .
but the service last night was not so good .
really disappointing last night .
just not my thing .
i will not be going back .
it is unfortunate because i love the food here .
i would have understood maybe one other appetizer with seafood but not both .
when they came out they were all new york strip and not filet .
too bad .
i was not impressed at all .
one thing my friend did like was the jalapeo mayonnaise .
i have to say this place is over priced and not worth my drive .
they made no offer to help out .
like the food but not so good at keeping the reservation .
this concept is tired the food is bland , and the vibe is too .
probably not to eat though .
chipotle is overdone and overrated in our opinion .
really expected some unique delicious food and were disappointed .
_num_ minutes to get our food .
very disappointed as i know they can do better .
service was n't good .
our waitress seem over worked and under extreme pressure .
the manager did not address our concerns .
i will not return to this location .
terrible food .
were the steak tacos supposed to be purely made of steak fat ?
will not be going back .
i figured after ordering _num_ $ worth of food in this restaurant .
and being the one who payed for it i would have been treated better .
i wo n't be going back to this place any more .
manager was rude ruined the entire experience for us .
wo n't bring my family here until they get new management .
i had the worst service with management at this establishment .
it was with much disappointment to find hair baked into our cornbread .
this dinner was low scale .
it was like olive garden -- clearly pre-made and flavorless .
the vegetables and potatoes looked the same on every plate ( pet peeve ) .
they had brunch , not what we were interested in .
the menu ( i assume because of brunch ) was very limited .
dh got a draft beer which was flat .
both were horrible .
there was no spice , no heat , bland and gross .
i do not like the smoky flavor of chipotle .
my husband does n't mind it but this was even too much for him .
sw caesar - chipotle dressing .
it was n't listed as having it .
we probably took _num_ bites between us of the salad .
wasted $ $ .
street tacos : asked for no chipotle sauce but it came with it anyway .
shrimp and guac tostada bites .
no idea if it had chipotle sauce .
if not - it 's a minor miracle .
enough with chipotle mayo on every dang thing you serve .
after _num_ visits , we are done .
tired of paying for food we wo n't eat .
the first visit i was with clients and did n't want to fuss .
the salsa is chipotle too .
tortilla soup tastes like baby food .
do n't waste your money or time .
rolling your eyes at guests is not exactly `` great service . ''
ok we have to pay for cornbread , no biggie for a cause .
we said ok stop explaining like we are cheap .
but then do n't check on us , ask for a second drink .
felt rushed all night and was n't busy and not closed .
the food was not spicy , not flavorful and not a full portion .
do n't show up early and before your entire party is at the restaurant .
they will not seat you at a table unless half your party is present .
makes no sense .
pf chang does not serve real chinese food , they serve american chinese food .
typically american chinese food does not require a lot of skill to do it .
unlike authentic chinese cuisine which requires a lot of skill and time to cook .
i do n't understand how they can screw up such simple dish .
price is way too expensive .
then within _num_ minutes of leaving i was sick as could be .
so why is it packed out and the dishes so relatively expensive ?
bland food , poor service , long waits , and high prices ?
i do n't know how anyone could remotely consider this `` chinese '' food .
she says oh , let me get you something else .
trouble getting a table at pf changs ?
i ordered the vegetable lo mein and my partner ordered the mongolian beef .
the broccoli was undercooked and it was completely void of flavor .
either way , i do n't really want to find out .
but the first thing i noticed was how few chinese people there are .
i tried one of the lunch bowls : pepper steak .
it said it should by spicy , but i could n't feel the spice .
the tiramisu shooter is n't as good .
it 's not a good place for authentic chinese food .
yeah , they were ok , a bit salty .
he hates chinese food and there is not any american alternative to choose from .
when our food was brought out , there was lots of confusion .
my entree was no where to be seen .
i 'm surprised they dropped the ball so badly .
hopefully , i wo n't have to come here again .
what a mistake .
not even an apology for my previous experiences .
very sad to see the severe lack of customer service .
she could not seem to find out .
sean the server had a bad attitude because he took our table over .
this is the worst chang 's for customer service .
the second time was awful !
the shrimp with lobster sauce has always been my favorite .
no it has not , sir !
i did n't like it at all .
no use taking leftovers home when you have no interest in eating them either .
it sucked .
i 'm sad about this .
it was my absolute fave for _num_ years .
if there was an option for zero stars i would absolutely use it .
due to this i will never dine at any pf changs again .
the service this time was mediocre at best .
never !
what a lousy experience !
theres a line of people waiting and no one to help anyone .
she says no word of greeting to anyone .
needless to say at this point my meal was ruined .
every single time i set foot in this place i leave furious !
i was disgusted by the wait , so i ordered take out instead .
after waiting forever i got home and my order was wrong .
total disaster .
too bad the experience did not match .
i really wish i had n't .
our lo mein was very overlooked and pretty much tasteless .
they manager could have cared less .
this policy does not make sense if the inside capacity is only _num_ % !
i could n't imagine how spicy the kung pao chicken would be .
the only reason i am giving this two stars is because of our waitress .
it was worth $ _num_ at most .
very disappointed .
the `` handmade '' steamed shrimp dumplings tasted soggy and frozen .
nothing special but have n't been in years and thought why not .
hard to tell if they were dead from being stepped on or sprayed first .
either way not a good sign .
could have had the same quality at pei wei .
do n't think i 'll go out of my way to come back .
i have more problem with this particular manager than the restaurant itself .
but i still feel pf chang should select better person for their reputation .
the food was n't fresh and the service was awful .
she was unpleasant and made our night uncomfortable .
last night my family and i were ignored at pf changs .
the service was so bad we will not return to that restaurant .
it was a rare family night ruined .
let 's begin with arrival .
ok , maybe she 's only dressed like a homeless person .
so , then , you 've been seated .
someone apparently dropped an entire bag of salt in the hot n sour soup .
could n't finish it .
it 's just not the same .
to be honest i 'm not a huge asian food fan .
but my orange chicken was not all that great .
some of the pieces of chicken were scary and a bit suspect .
and my waiter was n't the most attentive .
awesome shoes but the employees suck .
they just chill at the register .
whenever i was in i was never asked if i needed help .
the customer service sucked .
went to this store yesterday , only to find it closed and empty !
no longer at chandler mall .
no wait .
but they have the slowest bartender and kitchen .
it was like she was on slow mode .
meanwhile my bowling minutes are waiting away .
_num_ dollar bowling , cool , whatever .
but obviously you 're not too concerned about your online presence .
the worst customer service i 've ever experienced .
very disappointed with my monday night bowling experience .
the coupon was not expired !
shame on me ( us ) for assuming the employees here would come around .
the staff screwed up our drinks and food and league prices every week .
it became a joke after awhile until we realized the joke was on us .
we are driving _num_ miles one way farther to avoid this mess .
ok so why did we give you our card to hold two lanes for .
i wouldnt give _num_ star but have to in order to complete this review .
very disappointed at this point .
sadly , that is not what this review is about .
i had a very disappointing experience .
i was excited to know there was one close to me .
i have now been in twice and both times i was treated poorly initially .
had to find a salesperson on my own to check on items .
this particular visit yesterday was terrible .
she said nothing and proceeded to enter the items for return .
terrible !
i said i have receipt and they have tags .
i said marie just finish ringing me no problem .
this is where it gets awful !
she gave me her card and was embarrassed .
i will not be shopping further in this store .
unbelievable how the clerk treated customers .
kelly took my phone and told me she did not have those .
i said , you know what never mind and left .
waste of money and time .
calling customer service was a nightmare as i was on hold for _num_ min .
the customer service is very poor .
you wait hours and they stare at you .
i keep giving them another chance and am always disappointed .
i refuse give spend money when treated so disrespectful .
our experience there has been a nightmare .
a month later , when the items were due , nothing showed up .
this place is a hit or miss kind of place for me .
my big gripe with this place is that it 's just too loud .
i do n't want to have to shout at my dinner partner .
how low class can you get ?
quite disgusting and i know that we wo n't go back .
horrible experience !
been there before but never had this bad of service .
very disappointed with the waiter and manager 's attention .
_num_ out of _num_ people got seriously ill after mothers day dinner .
no compensation .
veggies hard as rocks .
i do n't know what you people are eating but this place stinks .
we normally visit the tempe location which i would rate _num_ stars .
no help from the management , i will rate this poor .
the food was good , just very poor service .
terrible service .
sitting in firebirds as i write this .
the food was tasteless , bland , not good .
the waitress replied that it would be out in _num_ minutes tops .
my husband 's steak was the worst .
we purchase our beef from a frozen foods delivery truck to eat at home .
one huge mistake in our meal though .
both my husband and i ordered the rib steak cooked the same way .
mine on the other hand looked more like a pork chop .
thin and gray throughout .
both steaks were covered in so much pepper they were hard to eat .
unfortunately they ate a very expensive cut of meat and not us .
i asked for my potato toppings on the side and never received .
very disappointing .
we went to use my husbands birthday certificate , we arrived after 8pm .
he left a $ _num_ tip .
very disappointed .
my stomach was not so patient though .
the side was supposed to be asparagus .
chicken was way over cooked and terrible , not worth the $ _num_ price .
it was way too hot in there and it was cold outside .
most likely will never go back .
nothing impressed me and the food was terrible .
the last two times we were there , our food was horrible .
we were all very excited about this dinner and looked forward to it .
the rest of our evening goes as follows .
_num_ . )
_num_ . )
only problem is our waiter only put in one order and forgot the other .
_num_ . )
_num_ . )
we all added the lobster tail and i added lobster and king crab legs .
_num_ . )
they were rude .
i heard this steak was yummy , yet it was n't .
it was an overall terrible experience .
even the soda had too much syrup in it .
disappointed .
for example the butter that they bring with the bread is not real butter .
they made my fianc old-fashioned incorrectly .
our server was very attentive and i have no complaints there .
it was bland and tasteless .
while normally a fan of the keg , very disappointed today .
thanks keg for making this holiday one to forget .
if you consider yourself a foodie , this place is not for you .
they brought out the wrong salad twice !
and again brought out wrong main course .
needs better trained staff .
let 's just say , our family does n't support that .
thumbs down !
i ordered a bone in rib steak and waited over _num_ min .
however , the back of the house needs some work .
they did my eyebrows , and it was fine .
i wo n't go back .
salon , which got worse as it went on .
the process was , hands down , the slowest i 've ever experienced .
i will never go to the madison avenue salon again .
i have been to madison avenue _num_ times .
first time was ahwatukee location and it was the best haircut ever .
i called for my 2nd appointment and she was gone .
she absolutely ruined my hair .
i left , in tears .
that was december of _num_ .
no refunds .
the cut was good but i still had major problems .
i went to the chandler mall to get another haircut in october .
beautiful girl cut my hair but again , got a terrible cut .
i was assured that this was not a problem .
finally , after it 's over , the result is completely flat .
i was not pleased and mentioned it .
i was not happy at all !
so $ _num_ later i look terrible .
i would give it no stars if i could .
i was asked to leave my number so someone could get back to me .
he 'd read rave reviews and thought , `` why not ?
angry at beer .
not again .
i was angry at my salad and the slower service .
my salad pissed me off .
this one wo n't do it for beer ... or food .
come for the beer , stay for the ... beer .
man did this place suck .
sunday night , dead as dead can be .
avocado egg rolls were just deep fried guacamole .
it felt like i ate _num_ avocados as an appetizer .
i felt horrible for the table next to us .
i walked in planning on leaving her _num_ % .
they advertise their pizza as chicago style deep dish .
i know i should n't expect more but , i do .
and it was so overpriced it was n't funny .
$ _num_ for a mediocre margarita , are you kidding me ?
would never go back unless unless someone else was paying .
i 'm not quite sure exactly how i feel about this place .
first the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed .
the appetizers were just ok .
nothing to get thrilled over .
really too late to change my mind on a baked potato ?
i spent almost $ _num_ and left disappointed , that should never happen .
what a horrible idea .
it sure did n't look like the picture .
slow service and cold nachos .
i did like the seasonal red beer but the food and service were disappointing .
it was supposed to have tomatoes , cheese and sausage .
sausage ... not so much .
overall not a good effort .
we had a mixed experience here today .
sad , but still a damn good deal for $ _num_ .
did i really just pay $ _num_ for this ?
no thank you .
waited _num_ min to be seated .
had terrible service and almost left .
hard to find parking at this mall .
my family and i tried this place last night and i was disappointed .
experience tells me this is not a good sign .
we told him `` no '' and he ran off to grab some menus .
the employees seem to busy to say hello or even acknowledge it 's customers .
the taste of the pizza was fair but seem to lack sauce .
the waitress excuse was that she was the only working tables .
i wish that was all there was to say .
the service was slow , and minimal at best .
big mistake .
big wait for a big let down .
just an underwhelming experience all around , and our server was grumpy to boot .
food and beer were good but the atmosphere sucked .
are you kidding me ?
needless to say they were a bit full of themselves there .
i visit this location very often .
i rarely have a bad experience .
the appetizer was stuffed mushrooms that were served ice cold .
it was disgusting and below the first layers the food was ice cold .
she sent the manager over and he agreed something was wrong .
calamari had no taste even with the salt and pepper i added .
my bacon cheese burger was dry and bland too .
stay away .
had to send back to kitchen _num_ times a very simple order .
not impressed .
one of the worst experiences ever .
ordered the cajun pasta but the flavor did not taste cajun .
since when did it take _num_ minutes to get a check and togo boxes ?
now that i think about it , i should 've listened to my boyfriend .
no wonder they call themselves bj 's cuz this place blows !
so disappointed .
was busy but not crazy crowded .
waitress was not attentive .
nothing quite like a dip sandwich with no dip .
careless staff .
a server never came out for at least _num_ minutes .
this is unacceptable in the middle of summer in az .
water should have been brought by a server or hostess .
of course when we got our food , the order was wrong .
our waters continued to stay empty .
just seemed like she was in a hurry to get us out of there .
i 'm just very disappointed with this visit .
i was so frustrated that they messed up our plans so badly !
like , blatantly says he has an incompetent staff .
the waitress gives me change and shorts me _num_ dollars .
the hostess claimed that she did n't have enough servers to seat anyone .
she did n't even say she was sorry to any of us tonight .
not eating here again because i do n't like being laughed at .
by then , my appetite quickly disappeared & we left .
restrooms can get really gross looks like no one cares .
not the first time we have had poor service here .
this time , it was the worst service we have ever had .
she was very short and almost rude to each in the group .
nothing was a priority to her .
that was so disrespectful , rude , tasteless and no customer service at all !
not sure but felt so disrespected .
walked in got a quick soup and salad before a movie .
after about _num_ minutes server told us `` food should be out soon .
it takes a cook to get a house salad and soup ?
_num_ minutes just seems like a long time for a soup and salad .
i will not be going back for a very long time .
i went here last night and my experience was awful .
terrible , no , no attention or service after 10:30 .
servers walk by you and ignore you , it 's happened numerous times .
we will not go back !
i 'm familiar with bj 's just not this location .
the cashier was very rude about the lack of sandwiches in the first place .
customer service was also not the greatest .
it cramped and this is not it .
would not give this location any business .
i could n't find the place .
frustrating .
the girl who took our order should not have been working the register .
she was rude and did n't even greet us .
it was ridiculous .
i looked for a name tag but she was n't wearing one .
but i will be avoiding this starbucks location .
i used to shop at express in my early _num_ 's .
same terrible clothes , only now they make terrible t-shirts .
_num_ % off selected items ?
even if it was free , i would n't wear it .
i may have been approached by the manager or assistant manager .
he was informative but not overbearing and he kept the sale floor immaculate .
both times i 've been beyond disappointed with service .
express has good collection but their staff at chandler mall location is horrible .
specially the managers , they are not friendly & they are rude .
the associate explained to me that they needed the merchandise too .
there was no other reason than it being the policy .
how stupid .
she could n't come up with a reason other than policy .
horrible horrible customer service !
this time , i was told that it had to be valley fever .
and again , test came back negative .
i was busy , so my mom brought him .
but then again , he might not have looked at the x-rays ) .
i would avoid coming here at all costs .
honestly it is vet clinics like this that give all vets a bad name .
this is the worst doctors office i have ever been to .
i suffer with a double ear infection and hearing loss .
this office is a nightmare of incompetence .
first , i was quoted for one repair at $ _num_ .
what 's more , the part is only $ _num_ .
they are very slow to respond and update you with information .
when i request updates , they simply tell me to be patient .
in the future i will never use these guys again .
_num_ weeks for a lens repair .
_num_ days to ship from new york to arizona .
nothing wrong with the glass or electronics .
i can not speak to their repair work .
the service was snobby and rude .
the service is clearly substandard and snobby .
we ordered the crab cakes , they were good , but not amazing .
the dessert we ordered was a ricotta cheesecake , the menu read with cherries .
what was delivered to our table was a chocolate strawberry cheesecake .
in other words , paying 3x to do the same job .
zero respect for other peoples time .
my first visit i tried the tenderloin carpaccio and the seared ahi tuna .
( i 'd give the first visit _num_ stars . )
this latest visit was not as good ; the service was n't friendly .
should n't a place like this offer friendly , quality service ?
a little gritty and not as tender as i 'd hope .
the flemings potatos were terrible !
our drinks sat empty quite often .
i would expect better .
i wont lie , these were amazing !
this place has gone downhill big time !
obviously , we tried to stick with steak at this steak house .
the bread was fresh , but the butter was not .
this was screwed up , and was brought out early .
so everyone else had to watch me eat .
the scallops were well cooked , but a little bland .
this was unacceptable .
i was very disappointed .
i would have given it less but they did comp our bad meal .
our group of six ate there on a friday night .
just not wowed .
the real disappointment was in the scallops that came with the dish .
i left extremely disappointed with both .
our server mickey was great , no complaints there .
our visit lasted exactly _num_ minutes .
that , we did , unfortunately .
nothing else on my plate , just the steak .
i will not be going back ... diner beware !
everything else specifically the main courses was money down the drain .
i know , i know .
so long in fact , it began to get awkward at the table .
for the price i would not go there again .
too expensive for mid level quality .
i recently dined here and did not have a good experience .
i dine at steakhouses frequently , hillstone group , capital grille etc .
and this place has never been comparable .
for the prices , go to capital grille !
chandler is pretty disappointing with there options of restaurants .
not worth the drive .
the only saving grace of the meal were the fleming 's potatoes .
we had an emergency change in plans and they accommodated us quickly .
but personally , i think they still should have done something about it .
that 's gross .
we walked in and were seated within a few minutes .
and walked away .
i 'm under _num_ , so maybe she assumed we were cheap .
lots of money for not much quality .
however , it was so dry i had to ask for a replacement .
another positive was that my steak was cooked to perfection .
we ordered the chipotle mac n cheese and the peppercorn parm mashed potatoes .
the mashed potatoes were flavorless .
overall , the seasoning of the food was substandard .
from the very beginning , she came across as very snooty and condescending .
you were officially the lowest tip i have left in the last _num_ years .
flemings you deserve and have better servers .
the hostess stand was really disorganized .
my family of _num_ went with a reservation on a monday night .
my meal was cold and the steaks were a joke .
the only good review that i would give would be for their clam chowder .
my wife wo n't even kiss me now my mouth tastes like an onion .
the `` tacos '' fell apart in the first bite .
lastly , no draft beer .
not everyone wants a $ _num_ glass of cabernet .
some of us like beer , and bottles just do n't taste the same .
was n't a great experience .
maybe skip this location .
tonight , i can not say the same about the chandler location .
point is , no one touched the table .
tonight 's visit left a really bad taste in my mouth .
very poor service !
do not have any reasons to return .
pains me to say it was a disappointment .
the hostess confirmed that the room was available and happily booked our date .
the waiter did n't want to be there and should not have been .
tonight , however was a different story .
the filet was just ok , and a little chewy .
the truffle mashed potatoes were good .
she did not eat but one bite .
the ribeye was almost bland and the flemings potatoes were undercooked .
i will not be returning .
it was a waste of my hard earned money .
nice enough folks but work was promised to be done in _num_ hours .
_num_ turned into all day .
i will never step foot in this store again .
food was not so good .
it was far from awesome , it was n't even that good .
maybe breakfast is good but ... was n't willing to go back .
i would not recommended this place to anyone especially if you are allergic .
our food was cold and the fries taste like we 're eating salt packs .
is it always so bland ?
worst location !
i wanted so much to like pei wei .
i went twice , getting different dishes both times .
i have to do my stomach a favor and not touch this food again .
that 's when i realized that i never received the replacement gift card !
tonight we ordered again , this time the food was just horrible .
bland , no taste whatsoever for either of our dishes !
my husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables .
neither of us thought the food was good at all .
it was very disappointing .
i am thinking of removing them due to a very lackluster meal today .
first , it was not extra spicy at all .
second , it just did not seem like there were extra veggies .
third , the rice was very dry , and tasted old to me .
at least attempt to clear the tables so folks can sit down and eat .
i believe normally this is not the case here .
today i am on the fence .
im thinking they were just having a bad day .
nothing like the advertisement .
i went around lunch time and it was pretty busy .
i am _num_ months pregnant and was holding my upset _num_ year old .
shame on that manager .
the food was n't worth it .
i 'm never going back .
this time , they used round noodles .
no , they were vermicelli .
my food was n't much better in terms of quality .
but , would i recommend pei wei to anyone ?
no wei .
even panda express is better than this place .
the place was a disaster .
a few diners were still eating , and surrounding them were cluttered tables .
the sight was gross .
they served me raw beef .
prob wo n't return to this location .
good gosh this place has run downhill .
do n't really know what the actual taste would have been .
there was more peanuts in these two than any other ingredients .
all were very responsive and apologized for the substandard service .
we quickly found out that things definitely were n't like they used to be .
the amount of kung pao we got was barely enough for one person .
sad to say but there has definitely been a decline in quality food wise .
figured pei wei would do that , but guessed wrong !
worst experience i ever had .
so i arrived and paid at 8:00 and was standing around for my order .
the lady felt bad and handed me a $ _num_ card .
the food was horrible .
the honey seared chicken was over cooked and tough .
the worst part was going to the restroom .
while i generally love pei wei was extremely disappointed in the service today .
it was clearly their card but he would not accept it .
i have n't even had a chance to order as he was so rude .
it 's too bad .
the wraps i received at this location were very disappointing .
the lettuce was wilted , limp and brown in parts .
my family just ate here the other day and the food was not good .
it was soggy and had fatty pieces in it .
the lettuce was junk lettuce .
i ordered take out and tried the new mango steak salad .
warning ... ... rip off ... .
do not use unless you have money to give away .
ten minutes go by and she still has n't found my full order .
these people are horrible .
i would not recommend them to anyone !
they are the rudest people , no respect for people 's property .
i was very disappointed today .
anyway , i hate these shady sales tactics .
now i know why i avoid this place .
they have nice t-shirts but otherwise , i avoid this place .
no way , go to all about books and comics better .
so sad closed .
now you can only fit _num_ carts next to each other at a max .
i and two other customers had a coupon for frys large eggs .
the first person we asked said she did not have time right now .
but , tonight was unacceptable and i expect an apology .
this denny 's is dirty and hit or miss on the service .
really needs a remodel and new management .
as stated by several other reviewers the wait staff is good , especially jenny .
just bad customer service imho !
wo n't be back till this store has new management .
save yourself some frustration : go to a different dennys .
i came here a few times this last month during morning hours .
the crowd was minimal , and staff was quick however the place was dirty .
i had to spit it out and it ruined my appetite .
when it came for the check the meal was not even discounted !
i will never patronize this pig pen ever again !
slow !
only _num_ tables with customers yet one hour for food .
disappointed .
said we were n't going back but this morning everything else was packed .
denny 's was busy too but far less than everything else .
while the wait staff was sufficient , the cooks were not .
it was $ _num_ for my subpar omelette .
they give other dennys a bad name .
bottom line , slow , rude , dirty .
they lost two clients .
this is n't the first time that a phone call was n't returned .
he has been to this vet since _num_ weeks old .
he 's _num_ years old .
the bill was already over _num_ for visit and blood work .
it 's not about $ _num_ .
you 've seen all my pets and i 've spent thousands over the years .
all for $ _num_ they were willing to lose a customer of _num_ years .
they made me pay up front to put poor molly to sleep .
just plain pathetic .
this is vet place not a bank .
i would not recommend this business at all .
she still seemed hesitant to let me leave with him though .
all they want is money .
shame !
then they increased their prices and it 's now $ _num_ !
she does n't use it daily like other dogs .
if i could i would give this place no stars .
are you effing kidding me ?
the mirror was taken to the back and wrapped by a stock associate .
he assisted us with placing the mirror flat in the back of my suv .
additionally , they should respect their customers when an issue requires resolution .
terrible place to live .
usually in most places , it is only _num_ days notice and no charges .
worst chinese food i have ever eaten .
the foul smell in the dining area did n't help .
you have been warned .
the food on the other hand , is not that great .
just horrible .
i gave most of it away and threw away about _num_ % of it .
will not go back .
also , the pricing is not correct in the menu pic on this site .
the entree 's are about _num_ cents more and the bowls are _num_ each .
not worth it .
too expensive .
this is some extremely terrible chinese food .
the general sauce taste like pure salt .
no flavor .
there are no vegetables or egg or taste .
most likely had n't been cleared in over a year .
the `` mountain dew '' did n't taste like mountain dew at all .
it was n't the right color either .
after explaining that it tasted funny , i asked to have dr pepper instead .
it tasted very salty too .
some of the broccoli was yellow as well .
the only two flavors in the meal were bland and salty .
even the fortune cookie was bland .
i 'm assuming that something changed about a year ago .
not really my idea of good time .
and this place has changed for the worse .
whatever was fun and charming about this place has been lost .
in terms of watching sports , this is n't a great place .
ca n't say the same about the food , though .
well , if i was n't concerned about it i would n't have asked .
after a week or so and no response i sent another email .
want a crap load of peanuts ?
just leave them on the table then brush them aside .
a restaurant with peanut shells all over the place .
actually , to be quite honest , i 'm being a little harsh here .
however , i did n't really expect much .
the wings are nothing special at all .
i thought i ordered some , but maybe the waiter got confused .
there is really nothing special about this place .
the fries were soggy and not crisp at all .
burger was not as juicy as other places .
it just felt dry .
either big fries , skinny fries , or tots .
and my bacon was black , seriously , completely burnt .
those burgers are not worth $ _num_ a piece .
the only thing that tasted good was my coke .
i do n't see us going back .
ca n't beat their wings .
wo n't even order it again .
they also changed their seating and the high top chairs are very uncomfortable .
so , i order them like usual and the mgr .
i am so frustrated !
the food looked great , but was cold and really substandard .
she then began talking badly about us nearly three feet away .
food was too dry .
my husband and i ordered boneless wings in _num_ flavors .
my father in law got a bowl of chili and said it was terrible .
our fried zucchini was so over fried it was almost black .
most unprofessional place i have ever been .
stylist have no idea what there doing or talking about .
black mold in closet & filthy carpet when we got the keys to place .
huge mistake .
if i could rate a no stars i would .
this place is the definition of awful .
the apartments look nothing like them .
it looks like a _num_ 's motel room .
i 'm still disgusted .
they just do n't care !
horrible !
you 've been warned .
do not rent from this complex !
i had big roaches , small roaches , medium size roaches in my apartment .
my entire experience with this complex was horrible .
they asked me for paperwork multiple times that i had already turned in .
totally ruined my mood .
do not go to these people .
one star because i ca n't give less .
should we sign paperwork , and take it off the shelf ? ''
i hate pushy sales people .
i was pissed .
do n't go there , and please tell all your friends .
i was very careful too .
my husband had been buying me jewelry here for a few years .
just came in with my husband for my _num_ month ring inspection .
unbelievable customer service .
would not come to this branch if i were you .
they made me wait _num_ hour to fix it .
do not spend money here they are evil !
i went in and there was a couple being helped , by one employee .
no one said a word .
no hi , can i help you , or even a goodbye .
so you missed a _num_ year anniversary type sale jared !
worst mcdonalds experience ever .
i do n't see how anyone can give mcdonalds _num_ stars .
i waited a ridiculous amount of time for my food today .
avoid this one folks .
worst mcdonalds ever .
complete idiots .
i guess a diet coke is too complicated for this mcdonald 's .
drink was somewhat flat .
all in all , i wish i had driven another mile down the road .
there were several other choices i could have made .
i got a too cool for school kind of vibe here .
should have purchased elsewhere and i wont be going back .
told my close friend to take his $ _num_ bow purchase elsewhere .
from the moment i walked in the door these guys were rude and condescending .
in the future will go somewhere where my business is not such an inconvenience .
granted we arrived _num_ minutes before closing on a saturday .
but why would we if we had a attitude like him .
he advised it had a wide selection and a helpful and knowledgeable staff .
not true .
you would be wrong .
he did not want to spend time with us .
there were _num_ other people in the store and they were looking around .
not my fault .
terrible customer service .
what does this _num_ year old kid know .
the rumors were true , this place is overpriced and has terrible service .
although i live _num_ minutes away , i will not take my business there again
where is the negative star review ?
f ... u !
garbage !
its disgusting !
place looks like it has n't been cleaned in _num_ months .
if you are looking for clean water , avoid this place at all costs !
it feels dead inside .
just like a big warehouse , no ambiance .
i felt `` wrong '' for having gone there .
one star is far too kind .
no yard lights across the front of our house now .
awesome follow through ... not !
that was march _num_ .
probably would have saved $ _num_ grand .
when they did respond they were rude .
worst company ever .
no communication .
never use them .
boy , i wish i 'd read these reviews before i used these guys .
worst experience ever .
he was very slow .
is n't it his job to know how to do this ?
the quote was already high and i was willing to go with that .
do n't bother with this company !
after i posted my review the one toilet this guy switched out now leaks !
i 'm still having nightmares about the day this guy was in my house .
literally , the worst pedicure and customer service i have experienced .
also , is n't a pedicure about your feet ?
worst experience ever , not worth $ _num_ any day .
i tried the door and it was locked .
this place is a rip off .
it was pretty gross .
$ _num_ ?
pretty lame , super expensive , unimpressive food , poor service .
however , i would purchase a pumpkin pie to go for thanksgiving .
big ones and baby ones .
but warning ... do n't do takeout there .
food was ok the burritos come with just meat nothing else .
ok nothing to be impressed with here .
the take-out food i got the other night was not that good .
the chicken taco was soggy .
the tostada was lukewarm by the time i ate it .
other things i have gotten here have been incredibly greasy .
it is cheap , i will say that much .
but i guess i prefer los taquitos to this place .
right off the bat , i noticed the place was kind of dirty .
my veggie burrito came out quickly and steaming hot .
it was mostly a disappointment after that .
i still added lots of salsa too which i also enjoyed .
was i wrong to expect that a veggie burrito would contain veggies ?
shredded iceberg does n't count !
`` authentic mexican food '' seems to be a complete lie here .
they took over _num_ minutes to deliver our order .
only good thing : the salsa , and the bowl it came in .
ick !
everything was bland , service was slow , no bathroom .
no flavor .
bland .
wo n't go back ... ick .
i mean , it was worse than taco bell .
`` you just want your dollar back ? ''
oh man , now she was pissed .
the pico de gallo has a lot of minced jalapenos so beware .
so overpriced and the longest wait known to man for _num_ tacos .
_num_ minutes for _num_ tacos is crazy .
i doubt ill ever return to this establishment .
unfortunately it did not live up to expectations .
i got a bean burrito with sour cream and a large horchata .
ok but seems to be living off its history and loyal patrons .
the burro was good , but messy .
after a few bites the whole burro fell apart .
but i will not be ordering a burro .
i had high hopes for this place , but was a bit disappointed .
sadly , it went downhill from there .
she walked away and did n't return for several minutes .
no explanation .
i am a complete fish lover .
i checked out their website -- not too shabby !
what a disappointment .
words can not describe how angry i felt when i left .
the food , the service , utterly disappointing .
it was a thursday night , not too packed , but busy enough .
not a place i would recommend for friends or out of towners .
so i sat on a book aisle .
must be having a bad day or something .
i rate this location with _num_ star due to the staff being rude .
it was completely out in the open and was not in plastic wrap .
totally trashy for what i have always considered to be a classy store .
so i went to the customer service area looking for help .
it was very busy in the whole store .
she was n't doing a good job in customer service either .
do not get nails done here !
did n't thank me for the tip .
did n't have black nail polish ?
who does n't have black nail polish ?
did n't even last a week !
plus tip , for all that mess !
oh well guess that 's what you get for mall nails !
i did not have a good experience at all .
there were was a very limited color selection , which was the first disappointment .
she did a rushed job on the polish and it looked terrible .
not impressed .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
cheap , for sure ... but you get what you pay for .
awful awful awful .
horrible nail experience !
horrible !
they are rude , inappropriate and so unprofessional !
customer proceeded to attempt to cut and pull it off it was so disgusting .
i could n't leave that place soon enough and will never return .
it ultimately ruined our day .
i feel the management needs to overhaul their food servers !
extremely disappointed with the whole experience .
tried to stop for a quick car lunch on the way to court .
slowest fast food in america .
the waitress was ok , but i wo n't be going back .
the sausage tasted like it was reheated in a deep fryer .
the hashbrowns were mushy and barely warm .
both our meals seemed just barely warm .
trying to get that second cup of coffee is a real bear .
$ _num_ for two , you be the judge .
i really get the feeling that if your not a regular your not wanted .
overall , probably wont be back for breakfast .
the food was disgusting .
i fail to understand the point of even being open .
there is a pizza hut across the street .
i was hungry when i left and angry that i just wasted the money .
could n't have been more disappointed !
food was n't good enough to be mediocre .
the place looked closed but we looked and people were eating inside .
came in and sat down and we 're ignored for over _num_ minutes .
ordered mexican food , `` enchilada `` , tamale , taco plate .
no beans , chicken , cheese , nothing .
the worst thing on the plate though , was the tamale !
i asked if they were home made and , server said yes .
what i got was a dry , barely warm piece of card board .
do n't expect good service or food at this diner .
the yelp reviews lead us wrong this time .
i got the chicken fried steak .
not edible .
if not for the texas toast , i would have left very hungry .
service was awful !
the carne asada , on the other hand , was something other than good .
it was just plain nasty .
the service was extremely slow and refills were hard to come by .
i just do n't think that we will go back .
btw no alcohol at all .
the food was greasy and bland .
the waitress was friendly but it felt forced .
i drove _num_ miles one way .
enough that we could not qualify for the home we wanted before it sold .
steve and lisa the gm said they would fix the problem .
nothing has been done that we can see .
i guess not , i guess its open season on vets .
we went from an _num_ to a _num_ nearly overnight .
so i called and they can do nothing to fix my credit .
way to say you 're sorry .
also , now i am getting nasty messages from their employees and family .
she said that she was acting very , very ill .
what a load of trash !
we 've been going there for _num_ years and will never be back .
just goes to show how much they dont care .
horrible horrible !
please if you are in charge there please fire her she is horrible !
this is the absolute worst care i 've ever recieved !
i will never return here .
im pissed and do not recommend him to anyone not even for a cold !
at this rate i could of replaced the whole water heater .
never would of thought this would cost so much .
if you can , avoid this business for your plumbing job !
very bad and expensive company .
this place has really gone downhill over the past few years .
it also seems like they change out the furniture every two months or so .
avoid this place and save your money !
the food is _num_ % greasy food and way over priced .
the fries were soggy and greasy .
on the bright side , at least the beer was cold .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
i know bars are supposed to smell bad , but not like urine .
that is horrible .
service was poor , food not much better .
bad choice .
the red chili sauce was awful , and the rice was mushy and wet .
but not right by me .
we stopped here and that was a huge mistake .
thinking that they would know best we decided to give it a try .
the restaurant was packed and we were given three options of where to sit .
then the waitress told one of the patrons there was no chicken .
anything but chicken . ''
i ordered carne asada and my co-worker ordered machaca .
to the food : rice was mush ( as other yelpers stated ) .
the machaca meat i think was shredded beef jerky , extra salty .
over cooked vegetables and really confused on what the meat was .
this is a chips , salsa and margarita review only .
salsa is _num_ stars .
chips get _num_ stars .
this is extremely bad customer service and completely unprofessional .
bad business ethics .
avoid at all costs .
they attempted to charge my card despite the fact that i paid cash .
the staff are loud in the mornings .
all in all this is easily the worst motel i 've ever stayed in .
i strongly urge you to not give this place your business .
completely disappointed , and appalled at how i was treated as a paying customer .
one of the worst experiences i 've had in a professional setting .
and i mean waste in every sense of the word .
i go to this particular location i remind myself i 'll never go back .
anytime i 'm at this location , there is only one checkout aisle open .
totally disgusted and wish there was a way to put zero stars .
i took the $ _num_ shirt back to the cleaners to report the stain .
they readily accepted the shirt back and attempted to remove the stain .
now that the shirt was ruined , i requested that they replace the shirt .
but stay away from this company .
the customer service is horrible .
i was amazed how unprofessional the company was .
i have been with them for _num_ days and no loan .
i should have done some research on them before i signed up .
to date , we have not received a response or refund from them .
if i could give , i will give zero star .
i will give more details , but very terrible experience for me .
unprofessional , no call back and no email back .
completely waste _num_ dollars .
lindsay confirmed this and the process started .
horrible customer service and extremely poor feedback to the customer .
yep _num_ times !
so one of the two still has not closed .
worst customer service imaginable .
after the it went down the drain .
i used to give it _num_ stars .
things seem to have gone downhill .
_num_ stars seems to be in the range of 1/2 star -- no heat !
potatoes tasted funky in the yellow curry too .
last week when i went i found everything oily & flavorless .
they were slow and the food was n't that good .
what a mess .
such a disappointment .
way too long to get food .
i get the food home and was starving at this point .
the entree was basically soup ; so soupy it was very messy to eat !
after i ate it all i was still hungry and basically not very satisfied .
after drinking tons of water i hoped it would be better in the morning .
i was dead wrong .
for the money i would definitely advise avoiding this place .
sorry mint thai !
sorry to write this bad review .
the quality of the food is not there .
we would not go back to this restaurant again .
repeated inconsistent service and food quality have made this place hit or miss .
needless to say customer service was not a major concern for her .
we ate here once and will never go back .
the pad thai had no flavor .
good for the food , just ignore the service .
the food was absolutely horrible !
worst thai place in gilbert .
i will never walk in that place again .
my mom and i stopped for lunch on a saturday .
anyway , food comes out .
no heat , no flavor , nothing .
it was honestly the worst pad see ew i 've ever had .
it 's not just with their entrees , but with their beverages .
is the tea made of gold ?
the staff was difficult and very rude .
we picked up our dog and he had n't even gotten a haircut !
very bad first impression , dont know how the grooming is .
being the owner , she should have had better control of the business .
sorry , lost customer .
this place needs some serious management !
regularly mess up your order .
far too often ask you to pull around and forget to bring out food .
the lettuce is frozen and the tomatoes are sometimes rotten .
tables are not cleaned consistently and the trash is sometimes overflowing .
c'mon mcdonalds , get your stuff together !
there are some kids nearby who were listening to this crap .
the tv seems to be stuck on a channel selling jewelry !
in the ladies room there is currently only one stall open .
the other one is locked there is no handle on the door .
the reason for the one star is that the service is so bad .
the service at night is beyond bad .
this is probably the worst mcdonald 's in the east valley .
they ignore you when you 're standing at the register .
i feel like i 'm bothering them just ordering something .
it 's often a bit dirty to boot .
the fries were soggy and disgusting as well .
also when we got our fish sandwiches , ummmm where do i start .
is n't that why we go there ?
asked for no onions got lump of pickles .
my fault .
what once was a treat is truly crap .
no you ca n't go back .
no longer healthy - seems like bait and switch .
i 'm disappointed in your corporate decisions .
again my fish sandwich which i love is overly dry .
i tried but again they failed .
i 'm so sad : ( how hard is it to steam the buns .
he got out of the car & went to the patio .
i am so angry .
i will never go to sonic again .
remind me never to drive thru here again .
if i check-in again - shoot me .
i 've never been to this location before and i wo n't recommend it .
however , whoever prepared the food did n't prepare it as we ordered it .
i asked for no mayo and got mayo .
that pretty much ruins the burger .
caused her to ask `` is this chicken ? ''
she 's _num_ , and not that picky .
so that must have been pretty bad .
( this would be the only reason i 'd come back . )
bad food .
this place has the longest wait times you will ever experience .
there are plenty of other places nearby for me to go .
we also substituted onion rings for fries .
the chicken was disgusting ... _num_ % inedible !
it looked nasty , and tasted worse , like a rubber chicken !
oh , and as everyone else already said , the drive thru is ridiculous !
i actually called them & sent my husband back to get our money back .
this was a horrible disappointment !
very unhappy !
this place is awful .
very unhappy !
terrible !
i did n't think you could mess up tater tots .
i was quoted around $ _num_ at the screen .
i checked my receipt , sure enough $ _num_ .
i checked my bank account , $ _num_ .
well i 'm not stupid .
that 's just absolutely ridiculous to me .
i get it , mistakes happen .
nothing was ever acknowledged , there was no apology .
if you want very specialized paper , this is the place .
also , nothing has a price tag on it .
they do n't even know the price .
it is kind of annoying especially when you have a budget in mind .
they also are not overly helpful or friendly .
guess they do n't need my money .
this store is as boring to shop there as the employees are !
go to michaels , same stuff really , only cheaper and more selection !
their clearance really is all the junk no one wants .
sadly , i had the same experience with employees that many other people had .
if i 'm craving chinese food , i typically go to taste of china .
all of this only cost $ _num_ .
last time i went , my food all smelled and tasted fishy .
it was a disappointment .
the food was mostly just blah -- neither good nor bad .
paid thirty dollars and it is all in the garbage .
would not recommend ever .
disgusting !
crab puffs are ok , large portion size .
i wo n't be going back and i would not recommend it !
sad ... so many good places in the area too .
in my opinion it was the worst food i have ever tasted .
very unhappy with this place and will not be returning .
spending $ _num_ on _num_ plates that had to be tossed .
very disappointing .
it 's not my favorite .
it does n't appear or smell the cleanest .
we ordered fried rice and wontons , as that seemed a safe choice .
wrong .
this lady almost killed me with her bad dentistry .
nothing to say taking my review down !
it 's kinda ... crap .
well , not kind of , it is .
i 've been there on about _num_ different occasions .
hell to the no .
this was pathetic beyond description .
avoid this place .
sadly , it 's not enough to make me want to go back .
i can only describe the food as flavorless .
the inside decor is awful and their food is totally bland and gross .
_num_ minutes to get check .
well , it 's not the worst food i 've ever eaten .
the food is a bit overpriced and very mediocre .
similar prices but better atmosphere and way better food !
overpriced , flavorless , and poor quality .
the food here is not good .
$ _num_ for a single taco ?
sure tastes like it .
the servers are condescending , lazy & rude .
terrible food and a pushy waiter !
not good at all and had a funny taste .
he just kept coming back and coming back .
i had the seasoned chimichanga and my wife had the shredded chicken chimi .
mine had no seasoning at all .
they came with sour cream , guacamole , rice and beans .
the rice was old and hard .
i cant believe how badly this place has gone down hill !
the drinks were horrible .
the manager brought our plate out , it was cold .
the food was mediocre at best ... what a disappointment especially for the price .
so that is if for us we will not be back !
the _num_ little girls ordered kids meals , one of which was wrong !
the kids meals do n't include a drink .
but they failed the test on every level !
i wish i could give zero stars that 's how bad it was .
my waitress no where to be found .
i have eaten only two bites .
waitress comes over gets money .
she comes back and says to me do you want a to go box .
they were very rude and had horrible attitudes .
i understand if someone has a bad day .
but customers should never feel uncomfortable !
it 's like a toss of a coin .
we had the lunch special and were extremely disappointed .
we were just really disappointed and would never go back .
the food left a lot to be desired .
our waitress was very absent minded and quick to leave our table .
he helped immediately where as our server was non existent .
you wo n't see me again anytime soon .
after lunch rush , but before the dinner crowds started coming in .
so it was pretty empty and we were seated right away .
i give _num_ stars because my food was disgusting .
this was not authentic mexican food .
the rice and beans had no flavor .
it was a tiny chile , with a dry thin batter .
and the cheese was a thick melted slice of american cheese .
you do not put american cheese in a relleno .
it is not a cheeseburger .
price was n't worth what we ate .
service was friendly but food was totally nasty .
i have never seen a burro with canned roast beef and gravy filling .
mayonnaise on it was gross , bland and made it taste like taco bell .
but the pharmacy is horrible .
they can not fill a script without it being a major deal .
i had already waited for three cars and their incompetence so i said no .
she did n't know what to say and was just looking at me .
so finally she ripped it off and handed it to me .
i was so mad when i left this place .
just moved to the chandler area so i am not familiar with any shops .
very rude and not accomodating at all .
huh , i must really be missing something here .
this was so not the 5-star experience i was expecting based on previous reviews .
i counted at least _num_ customers in the salon .
my nail tech was bad .
the manicure was bad too .
the techs also ask for payment before the manicure starts which is awkward .
does n't look good .
just plain rude !
we had a horrible experience .
glad to be done w/ this horrible , unprofessional place !
i was a loyal customer of elite nails for _num_ yrs .
and i am very disappointed in them for lying to me about sarah .
i have been going to elite nails for over _num_ years .
the nail tech was not nice who did the fill .
i show up and they do not have me down .
too bad i left work to get them done .
i arrive _num_ minutes early .
and apparently i am to blame for them not writing down the correct times .
seriously i have never been treated so rudely .
so save the time and money and go elsewhere .
and it began peeling off my nails .
i called the shop saturday morning and talked with tim , the owner .
she said they only booked a half hour for me for a redo .
i did not need a fill , just new gel .
the wife sent me down to the other salon where the husband was .
i left without having my nails repaired .
i will never walk into this shop again .
got my gel manicure and days later almost all my nails started to lift .
i figured i would go in and they would fix at no charge right ?
hmm i was told 2-3 weeks .
meanwhile , i 've been there well over an hour and am frustrated .
she never spoke to me .
that is rude .
does n't say a word .
i 've been polite so far , despite my frustration .
she does n't acknowledge me and is rude .
so now i 'm dry and ready to leave and am beyond frustrated .
the girl checking me out asks if everything was ok .
no tip .
very disappointed !
she was extremely rough and even cut my toe .
my toe did not hurt until she cut it with her tool .
even so , i 've lost my faith in this establishment .
i hate this place .
they did a horrible job on my gel manicure .
most likely will not return .
i would not recommend this place at all .
i 'll still go there for pedicures .
this is especially frustrating because my nails already grow so fast .
no one ever suggested i do that at elite .
i can go on and on about the horrible service i just received .
staff attitude was awkward .
they kept taking other clients before me too .
i am so disappointed .
cheesy elevator music is playing overhead .
the english spoken was very poor .
so , i did n't get the look i was hoping for .
my toes looked dumb .
not anymore -- i made excuses for their decline in standards .
their sushi menu is a bit confusing as well .
they charged me for my mistake .
she said she 'd never had a bigger salt lick in her life .
omg , this was one of the worst sushi experiences ever .
this restaurant is not authentic .
should n't that be a red warning sign that something was definitely wrong ?
competent udon and ramen noodles but the sushi was lacking .
its hard to find a good sushi place in phoenix .
so this place is not an exception .
they do have tons of rolls menu , but not very creative .
majority of the rolls are made almost identical to the rest of the rolls .
- cream cheese , tempura .
this place also did not get the rice right .
over kill with the rice vinegar + sugar .
terrible when you eat the rice with over power taste of vinegar and sugar .
not good for takeout .
unfortunately , i ca n't say what the food tastes like .
i just cancelled my order and went elsewhere .
except a bit slow .
ordered three promptly ( 5th minute ) : primo , ca roll and sashimi .
not good .
with a soda , the check was almost $ _num_ .
i do not stiff ... and we were hungry still .
do n't order to go unless you are n't hungry .
the prices are n't that high .
but , the sushi items , rolls , etc .
my next sushi experience will be elsewhere .
just a note that the menu items shown on yelp is not complete .
they did not list any of their entrees .
plus , i 'm sure their shrimp tempura is frozen ... not fresh .
i will not go to a restaurant and pay high prices for frozen food .
to be honest the worst experience of my life .
first time a restaurant did n't want to make me food .
because i sent that back would n't make me anything else .
they were just rude to me and my husband .
if i could i would put no stars !
the server behind the counter looked at us and that was it .
but sadly , i was very disappointed !
the regular had like _num_ items on it and was a let down too .
and lastly , even if the food was amazing the service was anything but .
she rudely told me `` price _num_ ! ''
so tired of the bs .
worst customer service i 've ever experienced .
i did not like what i ordered which has never happened here before .
i ca n't believe i was treated this way .
because that 's exactly what 's going to happen i 'm never going back .
this place is not worth the headache .
food was just ok and the service was marginal .
not again for me .
literally the worst sushi and service i have ever had .
she responded `` no , why do n't you read the menu '' .
it was extremely dry and overcooked !
the mango roll came and was extremely boring .
all i could taste was the mango and wasabi sauce they put on .
there were _num_ tables in the place .
incredibly rude to say the least .
do n't waste ur money here .
bad reviews are a bitch !
cockroaches dancing on my chicken , salad , bread and wine ?
i ordered the greek salad with chicken and my mom ordered the steak sandwich .
maybe we ordered the wrong thing , i do n't know .
i 've never had such awful food before .
the chicken in my salad was obviously microwaved breaded leftover chicken .
it was worse than bad fast food .
this location does not even compare to the chandler location .
the waitress was in shock , very much like the rest of us .
the waitress comes back and says that she can only comp the spaghetti !
now , believe me i understand that these things happen .
they ruined what was supposed to be a nice dinner with family .
i only gave one star because yelp would n't let me give _num_ .
i tried the bf 's baked spaghetti and it was just okay .
chicken is n't supposed to be grey , right ?
when i got my food it was covered with tomato sauce .
that was not the case however .
after asking to pay i was yelled at very loud by the owner .
two totally different restaurants with the same name .
chandler location is the total opposite .
i went to this location with some co-workers at lunch time .
there was n't much business , so we thought it should fairly easy .
i think that 's being a little cheap .
will not be returning .
if you want good customer service , do not go here !
this location and owner is the worst !
however they used this as a reason not to go through with our loan .
their commitment to customer service sucks .
avoid this place !
rip off , rude , incompetent .
_num_ hours later i am still waiting and writing this review .
$ _num_ service came out to be a $ _num_ plus service .
please avoid just brakes .
i never write reviews , however , i just had too !
so , the guys said just brakes was cheaper and they had the part .
incompetent and take forever this place !
they kept my car way too long !
nothing was resolved and i am out of over $ _num_ .
still sitting here waiting to get my vehicle back _num_ hours later .
get outta here and stop trying to scam people .
do n't go to just brakes !
my son went here to get his brakes fixed , charging them $ _num_ .
not good service .
i replaced those and it still was making a terrible sound .
also , my cat is now perfectly healthy and needed no medical attention whatsoever .
the vet gave me medicine and fluids for the dog .
the total cost was $ _num_ .
not sure why the vet could n't have done that here .
complete snobby attitude .
i will not recommend this vet .
there are worse veterinary clinics than this one such as arizona veterinary specialists .
i will try to be short .
i 've taken my dogs here for _num_ years .
and no explanation was ever offered !
but i totally feel like they were out to take my money .
after a long day of errands i stopped here on my way home .
after tonight though , i 'll probably never return .
service is awful .
we tried a salad and the new chicken , shrimp & sausage paella bowl .
discount pays for this repair only through network .
customer service is terrible and front desk is very unorganized .
the first two repairs i had at this shop were fine .
network told me that i needed a new air compressor at $ _num_ .
network is a joke and embarrassment to the honest automotive shops .
there is no reason for them to have not done the alignment asked for .
in my opinion , they are not honest .
bull shit , it cost me _num_ at sun devil .
very arrogant , with terrible bedside manner .
for starters he refuse to refill a prescription for my son .
he just said flat out no .
he cant walk , sleep , function .
avoid this doctor at all costs .
terrible experience with getting refills .
i hate this place !
they over charge , the staff is horrible and the wait is terrible .
i saw _num_ different people and none of them could help me .
when all of it was over , i left completely disappointed .
very frustrating !
incompetent doctor ( s ) and office staff .
i 'm glad i looked it up .
then , i waited in the next room for almost _num_ min .
they said no , but no apology . )
i will not be coming back .
not cool .
this is the final blow that had me searching for a new family practice .
with that a doctor came in and was very rude .
urgent care is faster and the experience is way better .
shame on you gilbert center for family medicine .
this place is the worst .
i dread my visits .
terrible , awful experience .
the receptionists are rude and nasty .
there is no concern for people or the patient .
they also charge you for things they are n't supposed to charge you for .
do n't even step in the door it 's a horribly ran doctors office .
the ma takes me to the back , ask me why am i here .
she says and i kid you not , can you pick one reason ?
staff did n't even tell me my doctor was running behind .
this made me late for work .
the medical office has absolutely no clue how to operate business .
i waited in small room for _num_ minutes .
it was about _num_ minutes and then gone .
just walked out the room and cancel the appt .
never go back .
basic customer service and patient care was not evident at all .
this was not the case at all .
she did nothing for me and was a waste of my time and money .
i am incredibly unhappy and disappointed .
i have been going here for years and they have always been responsive .
this place does not even deserve one star .
and another _num_ mins in the room before seeing the doctor .
she has taken her phone out _num_ times to google things .
i know doctors do n't know everything but that just is unprofessional .
i 'm disgusted and so disappointed with this clinic .
it 's not only me .
i thought i found the nice and close place to see doctor .
the doctor mark was nice , but the wait time is horrible .
what a horrible experience with this clinic .
why wasting time dealing with all this hassle .
do not use this groomer !
pizza tasted like something you would get in a elementary school cafeteria .
al 's is no more .
bad move .
we ordered tom ka gai soup , green curry chicken , and cashew chicken .
plenty of chicken and mushrooms .
looking forward to a spicy thai dinner and was totally disappointed .
to be fair , it was takeout .
but i do n't think that made any difference .
all in all to say that i was disappointed is an understatement .
i will not be back .
i looked through the reviews ... it seems like things are hit or miss .
so i guess if you want authentic thai food , go elsewhere .
fail .
it was _num_ minutes before 9pm .
that was strange since the hours posted said they were open until _num_ .
we were sorely disappointed .
every single dish was flat and flavorless .
place was pretty dead , only _num_ other parties of people .
neither of our dishes came with rice .
do n't understand all the positive reviews which is the reason i came .
poor old man working all by himself .
the place was empty .
the food was barely edible .
wo n't be coming back .
the yum is supposed to have ground pork & chicken pieces .
there was absolutely no pork .
the coconut soup was just mediocre at best .
not even sure if they gave me a new air filter .
there was no explanation , no apology , and really no service at all .
it still leaked afterwards .
i asked for another oil change as it had been a few months .
here i am yet again still leaking and it 's been several months .
my vehicles a _num_ with no problems other than this .
i ca n't help but not feel cheated .
i waited over _num_ hours the first time i came in .
i can guarantee i will not be coming back here anytime soon .
sent my wife home crying .
this location is a complete joke .
without him , i would give this zero stars .
never get tires at fletcher !
horrible customer service !
they through the spare in my trunk with out putting it back in right .
to fix a flat ?
ultimately , i left without receiving service .
absolutely horrible experience !
they said my car could be done in _num_ hours , guaranteed .
do not take your car here unless you enjoy being treated poorly .
it is absolutely my opinion that they are a dishonest establishment .
save yourself the headache do business elsewhere .
this was february _num_ ( seven months after they had gotten the car ) .
david made it to just south of the city and it died .
so , she paid the bill .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
this place is a complete joke do n't waste your time or money here .
hello that 's why people make appointments .
i just did not have tools to do it .
but my bad experience will help others not to choose this shop .
i just did not have tools to do it .
but my bad experience will help others not to choose this shop .
probably the most expensive mexican place of it 's style .
are we going back ?
neither of us finished our food & not because we were served huge portions .
we were kind of disappointed .
fish was very skimpy and not good .
it was like eating bits of dried and flavorless cardboard .
its small , run down , dated , and unclean .
ive been twice now , and both times were not by choice .
both times , my water glass had nasty stuff on the outside and inside .
very disgusting .
unfortunately lulu 's did not stand up to the hype .
according to them they were bland .
overall , not a great experience .
first off , i 'm a chimichanga freak .
i always get the chimi ( if available ) at new mexican food places .
$ _num_ for a chimi plate .
as a first timer , i was a little lost and confused .
is it a sit down place ?
do they bring me my food ?
i thought this would have been eating on the cheap .
i should have gone to oregano 's up the street , instead .
as another poster noted , _num_ cent charge on all cards .
they were n't even freshly made chips !
just rubbed me the wrong way .
that was almost unbearable .
all in all , lulu 's is just okay .
probably not .
you 'll find me _num_ feet to the south ... .
third strike , the food was below average in my opinion .
very disappointed !
when we asked for chips she said that would be an additional $ _num_ .
when the chips came they were cold and gross .
there was hardly any meat on the tacos .
we were expected to bus our own table for this lack luster overpriced food .
sorry wo n't be going back !
lulu 's is my first attempt .
the burrito was almost flat ... almost nothing inside .
very skimpy for the price .
first of all , the service in this restaurant sucks .
and did n't even give me i contact .
i ordered street tacos and they were an absolute joke .
the flavor of it was really bland and overall just not good .
that 's just ridiculous .
the food was cold and packed all to go when some was for there .
i am all about customer service and i was disappointed .
my husband and i ca n't have cheese on basically anything .
i waited and it did n't take long to get my food .
fish taco and carne asada tacos were smaller than expected .
food was ok ... not the best i have had .
i would have given another star if the customer service was better .
salsa was very flavorful if you like slightly bad to real bad .
how has this place been around so long is beyond me .
at least the chicken tasted like chicken but bland and nothing special .
beans tasteless and of course rice same thing .
looks like a family run business and nobody cares .
we stopped by tonight , a quarter to 9pm to get take out .
she was counting change and turned to look at the clock on the wall .
i told him lets go as she had already given us enough bad service .
too bad management has n't taught this teenage girl any customer service .
i have never been to a `` mexican '' restaurant as horrible as this .
good location , horrible food , and horrible prices .
feel like i could have made the food better at my house .
probably wo n't be coming back any time soon .
for a taco shop , those were some pretty tasteless tacos !
my wife had fish tacos that were dry and also tasteless .
horrible !
very expensive for nothing !
greasy gross food .
even the guy taking orders clearly did n't want to be there .
we will never go back and would steer anyone clear of there !
nothing worse than terribly old ice tea !
the spanish rice was mediocre and there were green beans in it ?
the refried beans were very runny .
the chicken was dry .
no thank you , food very bland , no flavor at !
i feel like $ _num_ for a platter should include chips .
they also charge a _num_ cent fee if you want to use a card .
i could be wrong .
apparently they run their kitchen better than they run the business .
the food was decent overall however it fell short the price tag .
rice was bit bland and the beans were too thin .
nothing to really stand out .
the lady at the cash register is so rude !
a small container of spanish rice & three tortillas were included .
she seemed annoyed that i was not happy with her options .
warning !
this is the worst mexican food i have ever eaten or ordered .
trust me , be warned and pick another restaurant .
before the bean burritos were the best here for really cheap .
horrible attitude .
my wife ordered soup which was bland and contained some undercooked hard potatoes .
i ordered a carne asada torta and the meat was old and tasteless .
do yourself a favor and find a better mexican restaurant .
ate here for the first time tonight .
my wife described the rice as the worse rice shes ever eaten .
also our food came with no hot sauce .
even if there is only one other car in there at the time .
you do n't want my business , i 'll take my money else where .
car dealerships are way cheaper than this joke of a company .
never again will i give my money to this joke of a company .
it 's sad really !
as a physician myself , i did my research before bringing her just anywhere .
cheap drinks but the bar and scene is very ghetto for being in gilbert .
all the other tvs are over _num_ years old .
cheap drinks but the bar and scene is very ghetto for being in gilbert .
all the other tvs are over _num_ years old .
my son is in the army and _num_ .
never had a problem .
our mistake for expecting better treatment by dive bar management .
dive bar should n't be an excuse for crap service and bad attitudes .
the short blonde then turned her back to me and walked away .
i asked if they had any specials to which she replied `` no '' .
went anyway , thinking maybe she was just busy .
gross .
nasty bar with awful service !
i 've never been so disrespected by a bartender before !
$ _num_ minimum if you are going to be using a card .
i wish i could give this bar zero stars .
went in _num_ sunday 's ago to watch a game .
they have a bunch of tvs but only _num_ were hd .
wait staff was not friendly .
food was crap .
dark , dingy , wo n't ever visit again !
luckily my husband kept the receipt and we had all the original packaging .
are you kidding me ?
very disappointing .
very unhappy with the treatment that i received .
i am extremely disappoint and feel that i have wasted valuable time and money .
skimpy on the beef , and they add requirements to coupons .
no , it was n't .
sadly , i was disappointed .
in fact , they tasted like chinese pan fried fat noodles .
not my kind of music either .
annoying .
this place sucked , even for gilbert .
so not my scene .
it 's no wonder i call this place crappy don 's .
hands down the worst bar i 've been to in arizona .
not my scene at all .
but it was just a strange feeling and layout .
do not , do not , do not waste your time at this bar .
stop over charging for drinks .
very disappointing .
it is impossible to tell who is a guest and who is a server .
the food is mediocre , service and atmosphere terrible .
horrible atmosphere , horrible service .
stay away from this dive , do n't waste your money here !
sat for _num_ minutes and never got served .
left for mexican restaurant across the street .
she had no issue with this and we went on with our evening .
i will always tell working bands to stay away from this awful venue .
more like crappy don 's ... .
the staff was friendly , the facility was clean and very modern .
i do not recommend this facility to anyone .
they were completely disorganized and could n't fin people 's orders .
one was completely wrong so they had to redo it .
those flowers never came back , and my money still has n't either .
i would not suggest using this florist .
that big mistake is sadly why i have to give such a low review .
i repeat , do n't come here !
this is no business but a joke !
$ _num_ ?
rude service when i asked what the problem was .
do n't waste your time or money !
disappointed .
i was so frustrated by that conversation .
if i could give negative stars to a practice , i would .
i responded that they would probably have take some responsibility for their patient care .
two of us went for yearly exam .
they stuck equipment onto eye which was not supposed to happen .
the total time before leaving was _num_ hours .
and examination did n't seem thorough .
not impressed ; i do not recommend .
this place is very small and gets crowded very quickly .
it is a frustrating experience every time i go in there .
their coffee is terrible , too .
asiago , and two more , i dont remember the names .
i left and went to another location at baseline and gilbert rd .
after being dissapointed twice i have to sadly write this review .
the quality control just does n't seem to be happening at this location .
i like that i can get an iced coffee and get my own refills .
beyond that , i kind of hate this place .
it 's just annoying how crowded this place is .
then , you have the poor attitude of the rude kids behind the counter .
a burnt bagel with no cream cheese and a disgusting iced mocha .
not at all what i ordered .
seems like they really did not care about what i actually wanted and ordered .
the staff is unprofessional and they do n't take pride in their restaurant .
i stopped going here after my last visit .
the food is great , the service is terrible !
ordered bagels last week for my team of forty .
service horrible .
she kept giving me cheap ones .
got _num_ drinks and no help from anyone to collect them .
sorry , but this particular store is going down hill .
and when they do open there is only one person to do everything .
then , _num_ minutes later here come one person to help .
then _num_ minutes after opening , here comes another employee .
none in baskets in display case just on a cart .
my boyfriend ordered the turkey bacon avocado bagel sandwich on the cheddar jalapeo bagel .
he 's the only reason my review is n't getting _num_ star .
the last two times have been poor .
i drove over and was greeted with my box of bagels .
she said nothing to acknowledge that .
i was then told it would be another _num_ minutes and i waited .
she only returned to take my order when the manager told her to .
she never said anything to me .
worst customer service , ever .
i will not visit this location again .
i ate my bagel that i chose out of the very few baked bagels .
why would n't you just pay at the same register that you ordered from ?
not impressed with this place .
unfortunately this one is not well maintained or staffed .
men 's restroom is always a mess , broken towel dispenser for weeks .
employees come in late an nobody seems to care .
too bad .
below average experience .
on a crowded morning it is a mess .
i ordered the nova lox bagel and was very disappointed .
very little salmon and green tomatoes .
terrible customer service .
cups of stuff laying around behind the counter everywhere .
she handed me my coffee and i left .
super disappointed .
terrible service at this location .
that guy sucks . ''
i was so insulted by this .
i looked on yelp and saw all the negative reviews .
now it 's worthless !
he never once changed his gloves or washed his hands .
i could easily run the place properly without the long wait times .
the staff is unorganized and very sloppy !
i do so for their consistent disappointment !
strangely , they say there is nothing on it .
avoid this store - and probably jamba juice completely !
poor experience .
the slowest and rudest service i have received in along time .
i give _num_ star only because i can not give zero star .
there is not much of customer service at all .
no thanks !
there was a lot of food , enough for 3-4 more average size meals .
if these are your favorite , ask about this first , imo .
atmosphere - gets my top rating .
food - mediocre .
i hate to say it .
the salsa that comes with the chips is only okay .
all three times i 've had service that was adequate but not amazing .
the food has always been , in a word , salty .
the chips & salsa that followed were completely underwhelmed .
bland factory chips and the um , salsa you say ?
one word : dull .
no thanks , i need to taste something !
the chips were soaked with grease and the salsa was bland .
it is just a typical chain restaurant .
i just will not eat here anymore .
i was not impressed with this place .
the salsa was horrible .
bland .
even the margaritas left a lot to be desired .
service was a little on the slow side and their patio is depressing .
i 'm not sure why so many people like this place .
there are way better mexican restaurants out there .
got the salsa but no chips !
i ate here before , never a problem .
this was not .
what felt like a piece of sand in the deep fried cheese crisp .
seriously not worth it and i wo n't go back .
bad , bad , bad .
salsa tasted like tomato sauce .
neither my husband nor i could finish the food .
bland , not the least bit authentic and downright gross .
took the leftovers home to my teenage kids ( they usually eat everything ) .
the service was terrible .
first , the hostess did not know where to seat us .
now i sit here wondering if i will ever go back .
he did n't even offer that as an excuse for his poor performance .
i will no longer go there after tonight .
she 's like i will take off the extra cheese off the bill .
i ... do n't get it .
i do n't get the high rating on this restaurant .
unfortunately , we were not seated with menus .
well that was disappointing .
that would 've been a mistake .
server stopped by asking if we needed a few more minutes .
some nice spiciness , but just too greasy and broth too thin .
_num_ minutes after ordering our entrees showed up .
could n't taste the seafood at all .
overheard server say to another table `` was it at least okay ? ''
what a total waste of _num_ hours .
i do n't understand why this place has as many stars as it does .
first of all , the hostess was plain weird .
she may have been drinking since it was happy hour .
second , too much crap on the table .
oh and the salsa and/or hot sauce is tomato paste .
i had a border chimichanga ( bean ) and it was ok .
might i suggest an awesome place ?
i say hot sauce , but it was n't hot at all .
there were apparently _num_ different kinds but you could n't prove it by me .
it was an uncomfortable fishy smell , and that 's all i 'm saying .
this was not good .
it was n't bad , it just was n't good .
the waiter was friendly , attentive , and not a pest .
the place looks amazing but the food is terrible .
the hostess acted like a _num_ year old , oh wait maybe she was .
the only good thing about the place is their margs .
bland standard mexican food at too high of a price .
the beans at n. are so dry and flavorless it 's like eating chalk .
it was a slab of dry pork covered in green sauce !
disgusting .
will not go here again .
food was n't anything amazing .
we ended up ordering some cheese enchiladas with salsa instead of the regular sauce .
here is where the wheels fell off .
he then attended to us and then the table of _num_ next to us .
ultimately , all orders were taken .
entirely too long for mexican food of any quality .
very bland and flavorless .
the mahi mahi was very very dry .
the beans were gross , like they came from a can .
the rice was very plain .
even the salsa was bland !
the mild taste more like marinara and the hot was just bitter .
even overheard another table state they thought their food had turned bad .
pollo rico was dry .
chips and salsa tasted like pace .
i spent $ _num_ for a lousy lunch .
i wo n't go back .
unfortunately this was definitely not the case at this location .
i ordered chicken enchiladas with verde sauce .
there was nothing `` verde '' about it .
service lackluster .
i said , `` no , thanks , my pants got it all . ''
secondly , we wait _num_ for our waitress .
i have blonde hair and my boyfriend brown ... it clearly was not ours .
in regards to the cleanliness of the restaurant , it was awful .
the food was pretty bland .
great margaritas ... but bar table service is slow and lacking .
disappointing .
i asked how much longer and she said probably another _num_ minutes .
i 'm not going to lie this establishment has good food .
yet , i have never in all my years experienced such disrespect .
so we sat there being ignored with no service for few minutes .
which is so not true !
attempted to give this restaurant another shot .
it did not go well .
this location in gilbert is awful .
i ordered take out , i called in , right ?
needs no approval right ?
the problem with this location is the food .
i was extremely disappointed .
but it 's my fault for trying this location .
gilbert will probably just have _num_ .
late sunday brunch with my husband .
the chorizo con huevos was not good , the chorizo was undercooked .
the rice was bland .
we probably wo n't be back .
we were there at noon and it was dead !
my first time going to this restaurant and will never return .
even though there were two hostesses we were not acknowledged for nearly _num_ minutes .
service was adequate .
perhaps too quickly , as the salsa mixture was not explained .
i can make a better margarita with bottled mixture .
today was terrible .
the food was slow and the service even slower .
may or may not come back for awhile .
it is listed as $ _num_ .
the wait for food is longer than the wait for a table .
i was told that the service was slow because of the big crowd .
they are not equipped for the number of patrons they seat .
it is simply not worth the wait .
sadly , i 've had too few good experiences to want to return .
apparently , the restaurant was n't as busy so the servers cut themselves .
in the meantime , he was sat three more times .
there are too many other choices for mexican food to keep going back .
another disappointment .
do n't let the location and crowd fool you into eating here .
this place was shockingly terrible .
we were extremely disappointed .
the ambiance was decent , but the service was nothing to write home about .
first off i ordered a taco salad and they served it with italian dressing .
it was awful .
gross .
well unfortunately i do n't know that we 'll be back .
however , this chain failed !
i ordered the chicago deep dish and was told _num_ min .
the pizza was a mess .
under cooked and way too much sauce .
pizza is ok and the pasta dishes are horrible .
service is questionable ?
so i had no pizza and i was charged for a pizza .
they have no idea what customer service is .
by the time we got it it was cold .
cold pizza is better than no pizza and hungry kids .
i asked for a refund because my pizza was cold .
she was extremely rude and obviously uninterested in providing good customer service .
_num_ star because the cold pizza was edible .
the service here was extremely sub par .
i was put on hold for _num_ minutes before they took our order .
we got home and the order was totally wrong .
too little too late .
it was 8pm and my pregnant wife was starving .
i 'm waiting in the lobby for our pizza as we speak .
and the front counter people are rude as hell too .
when i got the pizza home , it was ok .
i would never go back here though .
i ca n't tell you how cold it was in there , literally shaking .
sadly ... .
i was wrong .
) ; breaded mushrooms .
seriously ... who cares .
i so want to like this place .
let 's just say we ate in silence tonight .
the chicken tenders we ordered tasted like burnt rubber and were extremely dry .
# _num_ they mozzarella sticks were n't hot or even warm .
were thoroughly disappointed with almost every restaurant we 've been to .
the food was below standard for anyone .
ridiculously over priced and not worth even half that cost .
the pizza hardly had any flavor .
the cheese way overpowered the sauce .
literally just the sauce .
i 've have hotter better pizza from little caesars .
do n't waste your money on this over priced pizza .
i do n't even want to know what it looks like in the kitchen .
we ordered a _num_ '' mushroom thin crust and some boneless wings .
the pizza barely had any sauce on it .
i could see the crust in some areas .
the food was decent , but nothing our if the ordinary .
we 've had better pizza and wings elsewhere .
my husband described it as a cheese pizza with half jalapeos .
for paying $ _num_ for canadian bacon and pineapple we were disappointed .
and to top it all off , my daughter was sick and crying .
the pizza and wings were luke warm .
do you not go to this place !
two kids running a place like it was a joke .
first i was placed on hold for about _num_ minutes .
she did n't know how to even take my order or enter a coupon .
i ordered _num_ extra large pizzas and _num_ wings .
bottom line this place needs the owners attention badly .
both were drowned in a salty sauce .
then we made the mistake of taking six of our friends there for dinner .
we tried to convince her we were not that hungry , to no avail .
we all ordered individual portions and received our meals at least 5-10 minutes apart .
we were so embarrassed because we had recommended the restaurant to our friends .
we will not be going back .
gave it my usual _num_ tries .
2nd time we called for delivery , no deliveries that day .
we asked for straws for our drinks , they had run out .
the portions were so small we left hungry .
not going back there ever again .
ugh .
wish i tried a different place .
when i walked into the restaurant it was totally empty .
i lost my appetite .
the only thing i ended up eating was the egg rolls .
even the fortune cookie was stale .
would have rather ate panda express and i do n't like panda express .
awful does n't even begin to describe the shit that we were given .
$ _num_ dollars of crap .
you 'd be better off going to panda .
i 've had bad chinese food before , but this places top them all .
ok so i just basically left this place _num_ mins ago .
too much sauce and very little meat with the combo .
get gas every _num_ miles and not fill up ?
this was the worst customer service i have ever experienced !
he took my information and printed my receipt with the friday pick up time .
and `` i said i was sorry '' and just handed me my shirt .
poor customer service so i will take my business elsewhere .
i really like the area around here .
the apartments themselves are not much to speak of .
i think it 's just really cheap carpet .
i 've had water in my storage closet for about _num_ months .
they supposedly fixed the issue but i know it has not been fixed .
i also do not think there is a playground in the complex .
i would give them zero stars if possible .
but this was n't even the real issue .
if i could give a zero , i would .
it does not matter if you make an apt .
the technicians here are so insanely rude .
they give hardly any feedback about what to do if scheduling appointments .
i 've scheduled appointments and waited hours even after the fact .
had scheduled an _num_ am appt a month in advance .
and i might add , they never asked .
honesty is not something they are familiar with .
shortly after getting my vehicle back my issue began again .
slowly but surely it was as bad as before .
i am not just some _num_ year old kid .
i backed off to get my free alignment .
you could have been upfront and said you made a mistake .
work at that low quality should never be done anywhere .
we will not return as customers or recommend them .
such a disappointment !
usually it 's not that much at the other locations .
do n't judge me at the counter .
just do n't need it .
they just do n't care .
the rice was hard and the beans were cold .
that was a terrible example for mexican food tonight .
wo n't be coming back here again !
beans are always bland .
in fact , nearly everything at this one is more bland than others .
even the hot sauce is weird at this one .
those are awesome and i wish every filibertos had them .
did n't even taste similar to how their food normally tastes .
will not return to the gilbert and baseline location ever .
i stay away from any of their `` meats '' ( ? )
super nachos meat is different than it used to be .
greasy spoon drive thru mexican food .
we 'll indulge in a breakfast burrito every now and then .
refund or not , i 'm calling the health department and maybe the news .
so gross , disgusted for life now .
my husband and i went there for dinner last night ( drive thru ) .
mine tasted like pork not chicken and had a lot of gristle .
overall not good !
i was quoted $ _num_ to do this for two pairs of shoes .
ridiculous .
im glad i took my business elsewhere .
horrible service !
the kid in the drive thru needs a lesson in customer service etiquette .
no eye contact , no manners .
this place sucked .
horrible service and horrible attitudes from staff .
no customer service skills and food was ok .
poor customer service .
employees got bad attitudes & not helpful at all .
so we 're talking _num_ parking spaces dedicated to handicapped parking .
once i 'm finally in i head straight for the shoes .
the shoe department is hit or miss .
people at registers and on the floor are very unfriendly .
school close shopping in august was worse than shopping at christmas time .
there has been a definite decline in recent customer service .
i walk back and said `` your the manager and you allow this ? ''
bad costumer service !
this store is a total disgrace .
pretty disgusting in how little pride is taken .
they act like they dont even care .
this place is really lacking customer service and training .
the whole mens section is a total wreck .
this visit was back in november .
- so ... very ... .
it took another _num_ plus minutes beyond that for us to get our breakfast .
i would n't order it again though .
my wife did n't want to eat them .
thin but not cracker crisp .
their dessert case did not contain many appealing offerings .
most of them just looked dry .
the pizza which might be nice are lacking in toppings when promised .
repeat visits are not very great .
i was completely disappointed and shocked with the customer service today .
for the record , we had spent $ _num_ on our brunch .
the place is utter chaos .
the food took a long time , and the place is loud .
i felt like we got nothing but a stressful expensive meal instead .
the food arrives and my wife starts looking at the eggs strangely .
next time we will wait an hour to go next door instead .
there was a hair in my potatoes ( breakfast ) .
no apology .
i was disgusted and asked for a refund which took forever .
very sad experience , bad service , no apologies .
will not be going back .
she put the forks on our table and walked off ... never to return .
no questions asked .
the egg salad sandwich was eggs and mayo , with no taste at all .
i would not recommend .
we saw _num_ other _num_ tops with only _num_ people at it .
unfortunately the manager was n't able to keep her head with the busy morning .
liberty market does have a certain down home country feel too it .
unfortunately our breakfast experience was bad !
it 's no wonder why the place was empty at this time of day .
unfortunately , the service is uninspired or totally lacking .
this time the service was not only uninspired but downright rude .
i 've been here a total of _num_ times .
ok for lunch , will never go back for breakfast .
huge disappointment !
bad , cold food .
we were impressed with the biscuits and gravy , they were pretty good .
the liberty potatoes were very salty and greasy .
he apologized asked for the bill to go and comp our meal .
had my first and last dining experience at liberty market .
this place really fell off for us with this last visit .
we tried all new things and they were all terrible .
sicilian pizza was awful .
the sweet potato side dish that everyone seemed to be getting was awful .
disappointing visit .
it was not busy at all .
we ordered margherita pizza and wet pizza .
i would think that a _num_ degree oven would produce very hot pizza .
kind of disappointed to horrible just bad .
could have been so much better .
we wo n't be going again .
_num_ dollars too .
very , very rude staff .
the food was below average and the tea tasted like an old rag .
you have lost a good customer .
but ... the cuban sandwich had absolutely no flavor .
he made such a face , i know it was n't just me .
he took a bite and dumped the rest .
the bison burger did n't redeem the meal .
not impressed .
but for now , skip the cake !
chilaquiles was cold so i got the biscuits and gravy .
dry biscuits and gravy under seasoned and lacking flavor .
you 're seated , you order , you pay , you go .
i was completely ignored .
as a customer , i can say the service was horrible .
i think $ _num_ is expensive for that plus it was all cold .
never again ... .
overpriced and ridiculous set up .
older gentleman maybe owner , is very helpful to select people .
very rude experience today waiting for takeout .
although the line was huge the tables were about half empty .
the asian cucumber salad was bland .
the toasted pecans immediately fell out .
the place reminds me a lot of joe 's farm grill .
if you decide to try this place during peak hours wear comfortable shoes .
maybe i just had a bad experience .
the pizza had a lot of crust and very little everything .
it looked old and tasted that way too .
i have no reason to go back except to give them another shot .
they have a pretty good rating so maybe i just had a bad experience .
would n't get it again but good to try once .
also tried the icecream cookie .
that is the only thing here i would recommend .
i had a salad and could n't finish it .
the desserts are not that special either .
i also do n't understand the hype , and the seating arrangement is ridiculous .
terribly managed , just ok food .
so i too had great expectations for this place and was very disappointed .
that 's why i gave this place two stars .
it was too expensive for what we got and we wo n't be back .
the potatoes were to die for !
well he said that this was almost too hot for him !
his fries were not that good .
i tried them and i was disappointed as well .
they were cold and did n't have much flavor to them .
the food here is ok .
the second time i came here my service was terrible .
i will not be returning .
bad service plus a long wait does not make for returning customers .
i recommend the food but not the experience .
i have not been impressed with their salads and sandwiches .
as much as i like their food i will not be going there again .
we have never been treated so terribly by staff at a restaurant .
it was truly a disappointment .
our shrimp and grits was disgusting and we returned it .
the toasted brie and sausage were ok .
the mac and cheese was above average but not great .
if i could give it no stars i would .
the manager was useless and we had much better service elsewhere .
the people at liberty market where so incredibly rude !
the pasta salad was bad .
they probably have a secret menu i was n't cool enough to know about .
it 's crowded and loud and the food is overpriced .
the service is appalling and the food mediocre at best .
the food is not worth the hour _num_ minute wait .
not the most efficient way to get your food .
they just need to fix the front of the house .
and the bathroom setup is not my cup of tea .
usually fantastic , but disappointing for takeout the day after thanksgiving .
my wife has back problems and ca n't sit in certain chairs .
long wait line , just do n't come here during busy hours .
however , today was not the same .
after ordering you go to an assigned table and wait for your food .
i ordered the biscuits and gravy and was not impressed .
looked like _num_ scrambled egg , a biscuit and _num_ !
: ( disappointed .
all my hip friends said to try this place .
if you can screw up pancakes and eggs , you are worthless .
i had scrambled eggs and a pancake with bacon for eight dollars .
wet , gooey batter .
a few minutes later i got a rubbery burnt pancake .
there was nothing `` cake '' about this pancake at all .
but instead i bought a cookie and left .
these people have no business doing breakfast .
unless i need a cookie .
when my husband got home , we had the wrong order .
you can not run without paying the bill .
wrong - not sure why this staff member was not telling the truth !
this staff needs massive training on customer service .
they had already stopped serving breakfast .
so we ordered lunch _num_ hamburger and fries , and a single pizza .
we did n't get the fries until we were almost done with our meal .
we wo n't be going back .
buyer beware .
where has all the customer service gone ?
i do n't have high expectations at a fast food restaurant .
to my disappointment , they did n't come through .
we were treated poorly , like our business did n't matter to them .
there are too many furniture stores out there to go to a bad one .
i 'm so disappointed .
finally got store credit , would not refund our money .
no no no .
oops sectional came from the floor not store room and was defective .
will not even give store credit .
very disappointed .
to her credit , she dug deep to help with fabric selections .
i can find quality furniture elsewhere with better service .
he was yelling about how this was going to go .
just literally continued to scream .
told us he did not want our business .
they will not have our business .
avoid any conversations with the manager at all costs .
the place was almost empty .
twice we were approached asking which restaurant we were going to that night .
we are customers , and you just lost a sale and commission .
unfortunately this is the closest taco bell to my home .
it reads no beans on the screen .
guess not .
never once was it made incorrectly back home in il .
too bad the crew creating the food does n't pay attention .
they put $ _num_ charge on your credit card !
that 's ridiculous !
never , never again !
fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice shame on me !
horrible service !
pumps do n't work and staff was no help !
i have lost all my trust and respect for this location .
that 's why i want them rotated .
that 's not honest business . ''
and if you do n't do it ... say you did n't do it .
especially for things you ca n't check to see if they did .
they need to change the name of this place to big o morons .
i seriously think the job application to work here has _num_ questions : _num_ .
they finally finish the job _num_ hours later , i get in my truck .
michael is no longer there and i did not recognize anyone .
wasted my time and money !
my husband said no thats fine .
i 'm not sure why it took so long !
needless to say we feel it as a waste of time and money !
the manager was extremely unprofessional and did n't call me back .
also , they take entirely too long to do basic services .
turns out the service team is n't very good here .
my $ _num_ bike did not shift right from day _num_ .
looks like i will be a cactus customer from now on .
the first bite was unfortunate as i believe the sushi might have been bad .
my stomach will probably let me know later .
it just did n't taste right - sour , old , something was off .
same odd taste again !
i smelled it and not the right smell either .
what really bothered me was the rolls .
$ _num_ bucks not well spent here - oh well .
for all-you-can-eat sushi i 'm not expecting the world .
i would n't even give it a second date .
the spicy tuna roll tasted off .
the albacore tuna had a very weird consistency .
however it took _num_ minutes to get each order of fish .
the ayce deal is a rip off .
the fish is not that good and frankly did n't taste of superior quality .
sushi is terrible .
the rice is hard and the fish is not fresh .
i would eat supermarket sushi over the place .
i went to this vet back in _num_ .
my gel was terrible .
the second time they did it , same thing happened !
will not go back , manager was rude .
i went originally because the reviews were good .
sad to say that place sucked .
a fat chunk of it .
my total was $ _num_ which is ridiculous a manicure that does n't last .
oh yeah $ _num_ was supposedly with a _num_ % managers discount posted outside .
terrible .
but whatever , that 's not even the worst part .
i have never had such a terrible polish job before .
and continued to file them .
she then proceeded to tell it was fine and that it was my fault .
needles to say the trip to the salon was n't going well .
she ends up ringing me up for that _num_ instead .
when she hands me my card and receipt she left .
no thank you or anything .
i highly suggest not going here !
the quality was n't even good and the customer service was horrible .
she apologized but did not change her technique .
the shop was not the cleanest and they are content to do mediocre work .
i will not be back !
in fact , i think i 'll just take off my nails .
my tech jumped from customer to customer and was constantly looking around .
really disappointing since i 've been going here for years .
worst place ever !
not only did it take forever they messed up on every design .
if i could rate this place negative stars i would .
they have to be the most rude humans i have ever met .
i asked for a fake set manicure .
i said no i 'd like what i showed you .
these people have horrible customer service .
and to top it off , they do n't use clean utensils .
i would not waste your time or money on them .
horrible .
i 'm sorry , but rushing through the job does n't make me happy .
and two , even if i was , i would have politely declined .
super disappointed i spent any money on this place .
they clearly do not have have customer service standards .
do not recommend to anyone .
most unhelpful staff at any autozone i 've ever been to .
staff was more interested in their group conversation than helping answer my question .
rude and unprofessional , i will never be coming back here again .
do you usually yell at your customers like this ?
no , thanks , wo n't be back .
the _num_ old men behind the counter are rude and ignorant scum .
awful place , the gentleman working there was n't nice at all .
$ _num_ for _num_ shirts and _num_ pants is way too expensive .
i was forced to use them because my normal dry cleaner was closed .
i went in and she apologized once again and handed me the bill .
in one word , this place is horrible .
we ordered breadsticks with pizza sauce and a large cheeses pizza to go .
true to what other posters said , the staff is rude .
the pizza was gross .
even worse .
if you want good pizza this is not the place .
the staff was rude as hell .
i went to the williams field location to eat , but they were slammed .
do n't make promises that are an hour off .
checked our calls , and the guy did n't leave a message .
_num_ minutes later , pizza boy shows up .
no wonder we did n't hear him the first time !
a business that we will never waste our time with again !
to me , there is no professionalism there .
found a bolt in our pizza !
there was one pizza ready to serve it was ham and pineapple .
worst experience ever !
wow , were to begin on what is wrong with this facility .
do n't desk staff has no idea what they are doing .
they overcharged me and could n't help me with my insurance .
i 'm also pretty sure the dr got my prescription wrong .
terrible experience .
zero knowledge about insurance billing and general office procedures .
i would not recommend this place , nor will i ever schedule another appointment .
i guess i 'm just spoiled .
if you go to fast food you should n't expect sit down service .
the staff are standing around and my appointment was an hour ago .
do n't come here if you are expecting prompt and personable service .
they were very unprofessional and slow .
she then told me i would have to reschedule because i was sick .
i will not be going back to this doctor .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
and he said , `` nothing . ''
and then walked away from me .
do n't waste your time !
cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products !
more like a big corporate machine that does n't care about their customers !
horrible customer service !
no one was in the place .
customer service does not exist here !
anderson anyway but this is still a pain in the ass .
do not waste your money , send your child to another school .
it is actually quite sad .
this school has completely failed my child .
only _num_ barbers _num_ chairs go figure .
sonic has a better deal and they wo n't rip me off .
not impressed .
how hard can it be do make plain hamburger , no cheese ?
no way burger was cooked on grill that fast .
pathetic service .
food is very mediocre .
got home only to find out it was a regular oreo blizzard .
the blizzard that was already half melted .
if i wanted a milkshake , i would have ordered a milkshake .
worst blizzard .
dont bother going through this drive thru .
first , it 's not free .
been here a few times , tonight is the last time .
it 's a shame , because we did enjoy it while it lasted ... .
this place sucks .
fixed the mistake , should have stuck with the shake .
what a waste .
he 's _num_ , and thought it was the coolest thing .
the spoon does n't even fall out !
and this little jerk says , how about i just take it back then ?
i asked him his name , and he literally ran away !
why is the staff so rude ?
do you always waste bags when serving blizzards ?
worst dq ever .
the food was ok , not out of this world .
the only problem with the meal was that the bacon was dried out .
not sure if this is the norm , but not edible .
_num_ , just one overcooked item on any plate ruins the entire dining experience !
small town feel , but too cramped .
the food was missing something and the hot drinks were served cold .
liberty market is a much better bet for brunch .
but it was n't particularly tasty .
based on the quality of that meal , i would n't go back .
so we go there there are _num_ open tables .
we wait about _num_ minutes and no server ever acknowledged that we were there .
very rude people .
we just got stared down by everyone and the servers .
they would n't even look at us or anything .
very small place and very annoying place .
we left and went to ihop and was greeted right away there .
we walked in on a monday afternoon and the place was about half full .
_num_ more minutes go by and we get half the drinks .
i ordered the long john with mushrooms .
just okay for me and nothing to write home about either .
third time trying breakfast here too .
probably go elsewhere next time .
overall i just was n't super impressed with this place .
food is okay but nothing special and service was below par .
and a sliced potato on the side .
prices did n't seem appropriate for food .
our family of _num_ looked forward to breakfast .
she would not acknowledge the problem or offer an apology .
either she is clueless or a liar .
if i could give this restaurant zero stars , i would have .
the rudeness was an insult !
no tip no return for us .
dead ?
this could be the worst food i have ever had .
sorry farm house , need to work on the food !
i 'll help you , this place is bad .
it was so slow that i almost walked out .
first , when we walked in , there was no hostess .
im sorry , did we do something wrong ?
we almost walked out , but decided we will give them one last shot .
seemed to be a plumbing issue , the last smell you want at breakfast .
simply unacceptable !
i have the biscuits and chipped beef gravy .
gravy was bland , no flavor at all other than the chipped beef .
you lost my business forever !
your seating policy sucks .
it 's lame and i 'm hungry .
maybe do n't seat small parties at your large tables .
there should be a vegetable served with it .
i tried my husband 's pancakes and they were nothing amazing .
will not be back .
this food was barely edible .
it was a waste of $ _num_ ... wo n't be eating here again .
really poor service i do not plan to eat here again .
do not go to this location .
they do not inspect the cars and can not fix brakes properly .
they were very rude and had horrible customer service .
drove _num_ miles to get a `` buy one get one free reuben '' .
a $ _num_ sale makes more money than a $ _num_ sale !
lucky me because at that point the manager walked in .
really small laundromat .
too small and it was pretty packed .
the both owners were yelling at one of their employees in their office .
not to see if she was okay but to yell at her more .
no one deserves to be treated that way .
her excuse : we pay way too much for coupons and advertising .
she rang me up without it .
should have read the poor reviews prior to using this business .
how do you leave a zero star on this site ?
owner rude and not customer oriented .
stay away !
seemed ok and i spoke to clark .
needless to say i was upset .
i said `` it 's not funny and very unprofessional '' .
i love bruschetta , but their bruschetta was disappointing .
overall , i found the menu confusing and the descriptions unappetizing .
is the filet all chopped up and tossed in with the pasta ?
i grab _num_ menus and we start to wait .
only problem is that i never made it inside to eat !
this place is crap !
sorry i hate leaving bad reviews , but it was a terrible experience .
he came back with an even worse story than mine !
but , we were very disappointed in our thanksgiving dinner to go .
awful does not even come close .
gravy - thick brown liquid with no flavor .
i ate it because i was hungry , but should have sent it back .
we ate here last night and it was awful .
needless to say we will not be eating here again .
and trust me , we wish we never came here .
unfortunately they have been rude too many times !
i am no longer wanting to ever go there !
what a disappointment !
but the food quality went down .
the food here was horrific .
it tastes straight from a can or the freezer .
it cost extra for the peppers , mushrooms , and more for the onions .
this philly cheesesteak did n't even contain cheese just to add to the disappointment .
nothing like disappointment for dinner .
i do n't get it , i just do n't .
the atmosphere is bland and uncomfortable , the food was pedestrian , at best .
why the _num_ stars , gilbert ?
i was not a fan .
worst service ever !
have tried takeout from this place twice now .
first time they screwed up my order .
the picture on the website and menu looks oh so much better .
they were busy , but did not look packed .
even with a party of _num_ , we were seated within _num_ minutes .
typically my child loves the mac & cheese from here , and dives in .
my 1st slice was burned black on the bottom and tasted burned .
no complaints .
the french onion soup was a different story , very very salty .
salty , salty , salty .
i kept quiet , paid my bill and left .
the goat cheese bruschetta was ok but slightly disappointing .
guy ca n't take a hint .
i will not be returning .
ordered turkey was very dry .
that was the only good thing about my meal !
my eating companions also had sandwiches and cold french fries .
its a shame because we had such high hopes .
the staff is so rude and grumpy .
this place is horrible !
the staff is very rude and they do n't have respect for there patients .
the doctors are also not friendly !
would n't recommend this place !
the staff is extremely rude !
if you can get past the rude receptionist to make an appt .
walked in to the store and there was no one in the store .
no customers , no staff to be seen anywhere ?
waited a couple of minutes and walked out .
i walked in and shopped for _num_ minutes without even being greeted .
not a single one offered to take care of me or take my payment .
our most recent purchase was for a desk that would fit with our decor .
well , all sales are not final .
their policy of `` all sales are final '' does not apply to them .
it 's too bad .
meantime , we reluctantly gave julie a down payment and off we went .
she says this is why she tells people _num_ weeks .
she also says she 'll call us when it arrives .
i ask for a refund ... she refuses .
i bought a couch from them for $ _num_ .
the couch is awful !
also , they are very rude after they have your money .
very rude and did not care to help .
employee too worried about eating sonic .
wood furniture is ok , otherwise a _num_ star review .
not one person greeted me , asked me if i needed help , nothing .
they really seem to think they are something .
i 'll spend my money elsewhere , thanks .
this is by far the worst customer service on the planet !
we walked into this place and we were never greeted .
we picked out a sectional sofa that cost $ _num_ .
they are way nicer and very helpful .
i really was not impressed with potato barn .
it felt really depressing .
i did not like it at all .
no one greeted us , but we did not stay very long .
walked though and walked out .
did not see anything i was interested in .
would n't call it mild , much less hot .
very disappointing meal i must say .
i do n't get it .
seriously , no flavor .
anyone going more than _num_ stars here is being silly .
dusty non air conditioned dining area with super uncomfortable seating .
do n't expect a conversation however if you are from out of town .
people in this part of az are very very dry .
i sat in the shack waiting area and trust me its a shack .
flies everywhere and garbage on the floor from other customers food .
the burrito was luke warm and had no smell to it ?
this is the worst place to come for mexican food ever .
never again will i go here , disgusting !
i was terribly disappointed .
however , it was dry and the steak was tough and chewy .
the taco was not good value for $ _num_ .
sorry yelpers but my review does not agree with the majority .
sorry but today was my last visit !
far worse than its been before .
sorry burrito shack , i wo n't be coming back .
to just try something , i went with the carne asada burrito .
not a fan of this place .
flavorless and ca n't get my order correct .
i am not a happy camper ... .
even with the slight remodel to this store it 's still a dump .
this safeway is the worst .
that is not an appropriate question .
was really disappointed in this specific safeway .
went there to do a return and grocery shop for my brother .
and she could n't even help me with my return .
after grocery shopping , there was only _num_ line open .
with _num_ people in front of me and one behind .
very annoyed .
and would not recommend shopping there .
( which seems borderline unethical in the medical profession . )
horrible , rude , unprofessional experience .
would strongly never recommend .
not the friendliest place i 've ever been .
other shops in the area estimate i was over charged about $ _num_ .
sad thing is it is leaking again in the same area .
i would not recommend using this repair shop .
according to the employee `` there are no cameras in that area '' .
they tried to increase my rent by over _num_ % !
this is the key reason i would not rent from them again .
very poor condition .
greens are not good at all .
oh yeah this a tuesday at noon so it 's not packed .
worst course i 've ever been ... .
horrible customer service .
not military friendly .
burnt hot dogs and _num_ bathroom on the course .
holes pulled out on the greens .
we are three people with six month passes and nine with punch passes .
very gross .
the menu is not as good either .
disappointing food and atmosphere .
fried appetizers were soggy and tasteless , prices were high , service was slow .
dive looking , average cooking and friendly staff .
it could just be so much better !
dinner is not good at all .
i ca n't tell anyone to eat dinner here .
did not like tartar sauce .
the chicken did not seem to be seasoned much .
very bland and not a good texture at all .
his green beans were not seasoned at all .
it was like eating packed toasted coconut .
took _num_ bites .
this place need an overhaul from top to bottom .
it always seems dirty and has an extremely outdated western feel to it .
i 've had several different sandwiches and they were bland and very greasy .
it 's the only bacon cheeseburger i have ever not finished .
again ... disappointing .
the bar is ok ... it 's a typical dive bar .
the waitress was friendly but she could n't make up for the awful cook .
needless to say we will not be back .
i live down the road and have tried this place a few times .
i generally do n't like to write up bad reviews about any business .
however , this place has gone down hill fast .
the menu has does not change .
the food is ok but a bit over priced .
you pay $ _num_ dollars for a hamburger that is average at best .
food sucked and the service was very bad .
could n't even get a refill on my coffee .
will not be coming back here !
steak came and was still pink and bloody inside .
coffee is watered down and bland .
however , even with the great waitresses you ca n't correct bad food .
this place should be called queen creek dump .
the place is dirty and dingy .
i wouldnt let my dog eat off the floor .
the chick behind the bar over serves her customers and is extremely rude .
if i could give this place no stars , i would .
the nachos were horrible , just horrible .
greasy as shit .
we used to come here once a week probably wont come back again now .
it was not that special to me .
if this is suppose to be quaint , it was all lost on me .
i do n't get all the _num_ and _num_ stars .
sadly its starting to go downhill .
brisket can only be sliced _num_ direction or its ruined !
the guy would have been obnoxious and offensive in a bar at closing time .
at noon on sunday it was inexcusable .
i went there for summer sausage ad it was a disgrace .
horrible summer sausage .
sorry guys , you really let this southern illinois boy down .
only problem ... .
not one single ride was open .
total waste of time and money .
what a disappointment this place has become .
i visited most recently and was severely disappointed .
big is not always better .
they were way too hot being outside !
the place was dead and half of the stands were n't open .
it really looked very shabby .
we went this summer for the peach festival and were soo disappointed .
everyone there was very , very dissappointed .
i would say _num_ % of the people there left empty handed .
my husband and i went to the pumpkin and chili festival this weekend .
this place is lacking in some serious ways though .
the corn maze is not very challenging or really all that fun .
a notice at the entrance would have been helpful .
peach festival _num_ : do not expect big plump peaches .
the variety grown at this farm are small desert peaches .
expect to stand in a long slow line for your serving .
since it is a working farm it is somewhat messy .
the farmer 's market store is very expensive .
$ _num_ to get in and you do n't get much .
poorly laid out , only a couple of rides .
we were so disappointed .
this place was so poorly ran .
dirty unorganized long lines out of everything .
food was horrible .
very disappointing .
seems to me they are money hungry and really do n't even care .
$ _num_ per adult is way overpriced .
just calling something a `` festival '' does n't make it a festival .
not to mention the $ _num_ snow cone .
we were so disappointed we are never going back again .
what a mess !
terribly terribly disappointing .
way way way over priced .
we also do like to support local businesses .
i , however , do not like being ripped off .
it was hot , dusty , and boring .
the rides had tremendously long waits and were boring .
my _num_ year old was bored on the kid rides ... that says something .
i felt bad for them because there were just way too many people .
you do not get to go out in the field and pick your own .
however , this place is a business and is not a charity .
the petting zoo was sad .
the food was n't very good and way over priced .
i wo n't be going back .
we ordered _num_ and it cost _num_ $ .
i really do not get this place .
just awful .
did they substitute peaches from the store for the news show ?
obnoxious .
and threw her hands up in the air obviously annoyed by my very presence .
then she screamed `` $ _num_ !
not worth the _num_ dollars per person just to get in .
just _num_ out of the _num_ worked .
that 's just really overpriced .
the family booked over _num_ weeks ago .
so no food and drink provided or hostess as promised .
it is a pretend patch .
just not a lot for my toddler to do here .
do not recommend this place .
they never returned emails or messages to resolve the situation .
nothing at this location .
i would rather go elsewhere in queen creek .
it is not worth coming here .
wicked expensive food and nothing there !
we wasted our time and drove _num_ miles for no reason at all .
more than likely we wo n't return to this area .
long lines that are n't worth the wait .
management changes customer service on a whim with no respect for the guests .
however , the disrespect management showed the customers will ensure i will never return .
what a disaster !
walked back to the store were told they came from a different garden .
wo n't be back an would n't recommend it .
had never been there before was nice .
very unhappy !
we got in line for the chili and it was terribly slow .
lighting ... at night , it is very dark in some areas .
such a waste .
this entire experience is unacceptable , to say the least .
it was our first time there l. tickets are overpriced !
$ _num_ per person unless you are under _num_ .
the price to get in is insane .
the food is over priced and not great .
the petting zoo is gross .
the carousel does n't seem safe to ride .
it was hard to get in and out .
i 'm so disappointed .
i mean , really , homemade yard sale signs to guide you ?
i moved here in may and went and picked peaches and they were horrible .
the bakery has crappy desserts and fudge .
i reluctantly went to the pumpkin festival because my kids wanted to go .
my daughter got a big scratch on her stomach from one .
we attended on saturday , november _num_ , _num_ .
guess i was wrong .
omg i have never been to such an unorganized farm in my life .
we went to the peach pancake event and were sorely disappointed .
the event was very disorganized .
damn , those pancakes and sausages must be heavy .
the servers , confused , begin to serve us all .
pancake was ok , but not worth the wait .
will not do it again .
first , service was great but the cheeseburgers were n't good .
and it 's impossible to have a conversation .
chips were cold and stale .
i had green chicken enchilada and the salad garnish was sad and limp .
- the pricing really is n't that good to be honest .
- the food ... just not good at all .
- the sour cream tasted awful .
- the guacamole was mediocre at best - again seemed store bought .
- the chicken seemed very low quality ... definitely dark meat .
it was seasoned fairly well , probably because of the low quality .
the decor is dated , but honestly that was n't an issue for us .
tried to call in a delivery order , i was told to hold .
literally going `` ugh '' and trying to get someone to take my order .
we told her that was too long and we would just leave .
the owner walked it and did n't say one word to us .
we will never return after being weekly visitors for over _num_ years .
we ordered tacos and a burrito which were both bland and disappointing .
the service was slow , even with just two other parties present .
no , not the burger joint , that 's how my experience went .
man has it gone downhill .
there 's obviously something wrong going on here .
never again ... i encourage the same to anyone searching .
i ordered enchiladas and they were not cooked like restaurant style .
no music , and every _num_ mins the waitress came over and looked nervous .
there was no personality in any workers .
it was just completely awkward .
would n't go back here .
this place is terrible !
it took _num_ people to figure out how to use their register .
i am so annoyed because now we are going to miss our movie .
do n't waste your time or money !
overall i do n't recommend this place .
needless to say , i will not return or recommend this to anyone .
went on a saturday took _num_ minutes to get our food .
are you kidding me ?
this place is awful !
might as well shut the doors and throw the keys away !
not in this case .
but we where parked so far away ) .
if there was a burrito on the plate she did n't know what kind .
as for the taste , it was ok .
so she was like ok i 'll need to redo the check .
the place is very outdated and dirty .
unfortunately , there was nothing especially outstanding or extraordinary about this place .
the egg batter for the chile relleno was literally egg covering the relleno .
i told them we could n't eat the salad it was so bad .
the steaks were really thin .
the water tasted horrible .
i will not eat here again .
gross .
wow , i have never received worse customer service than here .
i have never met a clubhouse manager as rude as here at johnson ranch .
unbelievable .
i will not be back .
they talked down to us and were being rude .
not even one `` hello , are you having a good time ? ''
no courtesy at all , just rudeness .
here , it was n't even crowded yet they kept annoying us .
the older guys working there are very rude .
unless you live across the street i would n't waste the time or money .
i agree with another reviewer here that staff is less than courteous .
again , do n't waste the time making the drive .
the volunteers are nice , but the staff is extremely rude .
pick another course , read the numerous yelp reviews regarding customer services .
however the chips are way too thick , that 's just a preference though .
but , are you ready for the kicker ?
do n't let that fool you .
fine dining experience my butt .
i agree w/ the other reviewers who mentioned the salsa was good .
the chips , though , were a bit too thick for my liking .
we also ordered the burrito w/ carne asada and it was nearly inedible .
way over salted , meat tough .
very disappointing indeed .
other cars came in too so i 'm assuming it recently shut down .
when i got the burros home they were basically all potato .
it reminded me of a baked potato with a tortilla wrapped around .
the chorizo was about the same , very very little meat .
i think the worst thing was the price .
really weird .
will not be going back .
when we asked for more , we were told they were out .
- the coffee maker does n't work .
- the shower has a particularly slow drain .
pool the size of a tub heater broken no jacuzzi !
i have never , never given a holiday inn a one star rating .
however , this places stinks !
the office manager lori has no customer service skills .
your time is worth nothing to them .
do n't waste your time here .
they should remove `` professional '' from their title for starters .
it took _num_ visits just to get my address corrected .
the property managers are never available to speak with .
but here is a case where the management was not managing .
if i could it would be zero stars .
they should remove `` professional '' from their title for starters .
it took _num_ visits just to get my address corrected .
the property managers are never available to speak with .
worst community management company i 've ever had to deal with in my life !
the list goes on and on .
they should remove `` professional '' from their title for starters .
it took _num_ visits just to get my address corrected .
the property managers are never available to speak with .
worst community management company i 've ever had to deal with in my life !
the list goes on and on .
apparently the incompetence runs all the way to the top in this company .
will never go to this walgreens ever again .
being too busy is no excuse .
was told 15-20 minutes to wait for a prescription .
if i could give this store a negative _num_ stars , i would !
it 's been almost a week and still have no blood testing strips !
i would steer clear of walgreens and use cvs !
i 'm glad someone did their job correctly today .
was very unhappy after just going yesterday .
not visiting this location again .
now i just cant wait to move out .
before 9am i tried to give my payment to the leasing staff .
i have never been late on my rent payment .
i ca n't wait to move !
i asked them for this twice in the beginning of june .
by far the worst experience i 've ever had renting !
disappointed in this especially for what i 'm paying per month .
management is awful .
they also have taken almost a month in adding someone to my lease .
it 's not that hard .
adding someone to an existing lease should not take a month .
the list of everything wrong can go on and on .
but management is one of the worst that i have seen in the state .
no such luck .
the cucumber salad was okay , but not as described .
i wo n't be back .
attempted to check this place out tonight because i heard it was good .
also they do n't accept discover cards either so i left .
they did n't seem to care .
perhaps it was the busiest day of the year but the service was horrible .
_num_ minutes before anyone even came to our table and beverages were always empty .
feels like due to thanksgiving , shipping fresh fish was backed up .
the salmon was mushy and the flavor was light .
terrible .
was n't too impressed with their food .
we tried a variety of their rolls and nothing stood out .
horrible service !
i left _num_ dollars on the table .
are you joking me ?
good food but not good enough for me to come back .
i recently came back and the staff is all new .
one word ... rude .
like , um , sorry to bother you at work lady ?
we a group of _num_ were seated at a booth .
how rude is that .
the spicy salmon was awful .
it was huge chunks of old salmon with mayo .
they took it off and threw the bill at me .
i can not believe staff can treat ppl this way .
i will never go back to this hole in the wall again !
the service was so bad , we never even got to order .
we will not be back .
i 'm so sad !
not a deal breaker .
i was wrong .
i could n't finish it .
waters were n't refilled .
: ( it 's sad but i 'd rather spend my money elsewhere .
disappointing atmosphere and disgusting food .
it was a waste of time and money .
the food was horrible , worst sushi ever .
the wait staff was very friendly .
i will not make that mistake again .
it just tasted terrible plus there was no flavor .
i also had the worst spider roll to date .
horrible service .
sushi was good so that is why i gave it _num_ stars .
never once did our server apologize or come back to refill our water .
not a place i would visit again .
overall hated the service , the atmosphere and the overall experience .
unfortunately we did n't have a great dining experience .
the service was slow but the portions were large .
i ordered the udon and it lacked everything .
they charge you for hot tea that tastes like hot water .
they have lost a lot of points with me for several reasons .
annoying stuff .
chandler folk do n't know what good sushi is .
this place was gross .
all of our rolls were so fishy tasting .
i walked out after waiting for service .
this restaurant has mediocre food and service .
one employee , jim , has ruined it for me .
every time condescending and rude .
it was only a nickel , so no big deal .
at this point i 'm very upset because of all the time wasted .
it 's been nearly _num_ weeks and i still ca n't get any answers .
not how can i help you or anything .
my girlfriend was with me and was like let 's get out of here .
i felt very disrespected .
there is no reason to be rude to people .
horrible experience with owner from the dye burning my eye and face .
spare yourself the trouble and spend your money elsewhere folks .
i really can not explain the lack of customer service at this branch .
i do not have any other accounts their .
i 'm pretty sure this is the worst bank of america branch out there .
_num_ minutes later i got to see help .
subway just sucks .
they are cheap and want to charge for extra ingredients !
i had horrible food poisoning from this location twice .
one time almost required me to go to the er .
will not be coming to this place ever .
this place makes me never want subway again .
does not matter - needless to say we will never buy anything here again .
i would find another gym if i were you .
spend the extra $ _num_ a month and go to lifetime instead .
this is one of the worst gyms i have been a member of .
i have been to gyms with day care centers before .
the employees also do n't seem to care much either .
not a fan of this location .
very rude and they sell me everything under the sun .
shame on me !
on a positive note , they were extremely polite and did have great attitudes .
however to buy anything else takes a ridiculous amount of time !
worst pool store service ever !
however , this is not so reasonable .
but no .
i had already had a bad experience at target .
i am not having a good feeling at this point .
i should have gotten a breakfast burrito and immediately gone home .
but i had one more stop that i really wanted to make .
she caught me off guard .
normally i find this location slightly frustrating anyway .
makes no sense .
wo n't be going here again .
gosh , they have some very surly and unhappy employees .
no drive through book drop off .
might as well have gone to mcdonalds for a salad , not great .
close to my work ( but you do n't care about that ! )
also , they 're constantly messing up my order .
i know , i know .
i should just stop coming here , right ?
this drove me insane .
she looked at me like i was crazy or something .
no one bothered to care .
i am finding a lot of the restaurants close to sun lakes area suck !
this is not specific to this location .
they are n't bad , but they are n't really great either .
on this occasion we got bagels , scones and cookies for a meeting .
if it was just the scones they 'd probably get four stars .
not like fresh homemade cookies .
and this is n't the first time .
stopped in this morning to meet some folks for coffee and it was closed .
the lights were off and the sign was off the front .
unfortunate .
just a surprise to one not tuned in !
accessories are all full price and only expensive selections .
to send a bike out like that is amateur .
i wo n't be back .
they told me no problem during the week .
now stuff like that happens and it was unfortunate but it happens .
he was n't mean but did n't really care about me as a customer .
never once said sorry about not having any bikes .
his response was very short `` $ _num_ for half day '' .
with his attitude i would n't have taken it for free .
no , nothing .
i was n't looking for a discount , just some courtesy .
as soon as dad gets better in about _num_ months .
unfortunately this guy proved it is not cactus cycle .
the service at this location is pitiful .
not one person smiled or even acknowledged my existence .
skip this location !
this location is probably the least friendly i 've encountered .
they were rude and unhelpful !
i will not return to this kohl 's !
nothing that i could n't live without so we left .
if you rate it with no stars the review is not visible .
do not bring your child to this place .
my son fell many times & i never got a report .
one was so bad i ended up at an urgent care the following day .
this was the only center in the area open at _num_ unfortunately .
chips and salsa for a snack on a regular basis .
totally unacceptable .
they are lazy and do the bare minimum .
i did not see anything that would attract me there .
it has been around for a long time so some people must like it .
i 've been here about three times and did not like it .
the waitress did n't really seem to care .
every time i walk in i feel like i 'm not wanted .
i feel like the staff just does n't really care if i am there .
it would have been nice to know this beforehand .
the excuse about the computer was a pretty lame excuse .
( came out to like _num_ or _num_ dollars . )
and the waitress only gave us one kids meal free .
i guess ill just have to go back to native new yorker .
we spend over $ _num_ a year there , but tonight we are done .
too many other places in the area that are now open .
bar tenders were friendly , and accommodated everything we could ask for .
waitress sucked !
horrible waitress .
came to phoenix area to get away from the brutal chicago winter .
zero stars would be more appropriate .
came in for burger and wings , was one of two tables of customers .
every time i pass this place i wonder how the doors stay open .
very disappointing .
will not be back .
the food was disappointing .
pathetic !
terrible food , slow service with attitude .
do n't waste time or money on this place .
ordered two appetizers , both disgusting .
the smell and taste of old grease was awful .
went back last week to have a beer and grab a bite to eat .
this place has gone downhill in a big way !
this was a nightmare !
he has been there before , and said the food and drinks were great .
there were n't many customers , but the service was crazy slow .
each of our orders were wrong .
would not recommend .
the service was not good .
our server paid little attention to us .
i 've been here a couple of times last time beer was totally flat .
going to spend my money at another bar instead .
would n't recommend this bar any more .
the management appears nonexistent .
it never had anything i needed and was a waste of time .
every time i went , i could not get what i needed .
i 've never experienced a group of employees more unfriendly .
i do n't know why i went down here to old people land .
i grabbed my _num_ items or less and headed to the front .
it was very early and there was only one register open .
i smiled and said , `` sorry to put you out . ''
kinda feel sorry for her the more that i think about it .
the front end manager probably does n't like her either .
even their breads have added garbage and junk ingredients .
a choice of something is nearly impossible because of the size of the store .
there is one manager who looks unhappy and ready to beat up somebody .
went here this past weekend while visiting sun lakes .
worst idea we had all trip .
the food is just not good .
the pork was super overcooked and gross .
but even that wo n't cover bad costumer service !
tonight was the last straw , and it was a pick up order .
horrible !
if you like food , do not come here .
as i mentioned we had been there two times since the bad experience .
it did n't taste bad but was not what i was expecting .
so , he walked out .
got home to find our order was wrong .
then she told me i had never ordered before !
not `` looking for free food '' .
there is grease in the air .
this place is just nasty .
no juice .
tea is _num_ % of your business .
steamed veggies were steamed to goo .
fried meats were soggy .
atmosphere is typical of other chain restaurants ... nice and clean but nothing special .
had n't been here in about a year .
food is nothing special .
have tried a few menu items since then and always a bit disappointing .
disgusting !
they need to get a better chef !
first off , no , it does n't .
secondly , if it did , why would you offer it ?
third , who cares !
it 's bad .
say you 're sorry , take it back , offer something up , whatever .
the service has been awful since this place opened .
just stopped for a beer .
the bar tender did not even say hi when i came in .
it 's like the charlie brown , lucy and the football .
terrible food and terrible service .
ate here recently with a large group .
while the sandwich tasted fine , i had a hard time getting past that .
because we were in a hurry , i did n't bother waiting around .
probably wo n't return .
we decided on the two salmon salads & both were horrible .
... no such luck .
completely charred .
the ice-cream was really icy , the crunchy things were rock hard , etc .
we were not pleased at all .
the salmon was burned and the rice was gross .
they only had three choices for steaks .
the service was very slow .
poor quality food .
very disappointing and definitely wo n't be returning .
that 's because i never ate it .
however , when i received my dish the pork was raw .
i called the server back over and sent the dish back .
it was an underwhelming experience .
for $ _num_ for an entree i expected much more .
i doubt i will be back anytime soon .
when the bill came it was $ _num_ for a draft .
so again some worker 's do n't know customer service .
i 've been going here for more than _num_ years .
ridiculous .
i have use monterey cleaners for two years now .
manager was very rude and refused to return my money .
i would never use them again .
i have use monterey cleaners for two years now .
manager was very rude and refused to return my money .
i would never use them again .
manager refused to give me owners phone number .
of course the officer helped me get my money back .
yelp has lots of other dry cleaners who take care of their customers .
it 's a rather efficient machine of evil .
no , thank you .
what an embarrassment this place is .
it 's alcohol based , it will dry in a few days . ''
do n't you think you maybe put too much ?
anyway -- if you can avoid this place , do .
terrible customer service .
this place is an upsell nightmare .
so disappointed .
i feel totally cheated .
i feel a better response would have been ... '' sorry you were disappointed .
worst scam artists i have ever encountered !
i was like wtf !
i could n't believe what i was hearing .
i dont see the shine i expected with the amount i paid .
you have to pay _num_ to get the interior dressing now .
i fell like i got ripped off .
do not like this place .
always pushing something i do n't want and are rude and unfriendly .
i am finally fed up and do n't even buy gas there anymore .
man they did a bad job cleaning my interior .
i apologize for the caps lock now .
ok , what the hell , i thought .
no roof rack polish .
if i could give half a star i would .
your staff had no intention of answering any questions .
your staff was rude .
well ya missed out on some of ours .
this visit took _num_ minutes .
_num_ minutes on the phone .
2nd visit - approx _num_ week later .
this visit took _num_ minutes .
3rd visit - approx _num_ week later .
this visit took _num_ minutes .
4th visit - approx _num_ weeks later .
i waited for _num_ minutes while he went into the car wash .
he returned to tell me that he had a guy who would repair it .
he told me he was not going to do that .
they never vacuum the car like it says they will !
the tint guy did a sub-par job .
the car wash was also bad .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
but the guy at the counter simply said `` cant do it '' .
left on the surface ) .
my wife will not take the new acura tl here for obvious reasons .
car service bad .
my car is brand new so obviously it was human error .
my husband brought his truck here and had the same problem .
this place is convenient but we we stick to car washes only .
wo n't be coming back to this location !
i always leave this location upset and angry about something .
it 's so annoying .
no big deal .
pictures to follow on the poor quality of work .
beside the bad quality wash you get , beware of the scam .
and if you complain then they apologize right away !
false .
so i drove _num_ miles back to cobblestone .
no one was there to fix it ... closest guy was in scottsdale .
wash was good , but more expensive than what i normally would have paid .
are you kidding me ?
this place sucks .
newly disappointed .
car wash is ok .
when she got home i looked and it was fine almost to the max .
cobblestone ca n't be trusted , i will not be going back .
gave the guy cleaning my car a $ _num_ tip .
i came back around the north entrance and stopped my car .
it was n't just a little bit , it was totally not cleaned .
another guy rushed to come clean the window .
it was n't just a little bit , it was still a lot .
still very dusty .
and there was still trash in the car that they failed to pick up .
the inside of the car was n't real dirty .
they never explained about this spray wax .
cobblestone is the worst place to pay for a car wash .
the express wash is the only wash worth doing .
they simply do not care .
hope i do n't miss my flight .
the outside looks good , but the inside was rushed .
also , the vacuuming was poor .
lost a customer !
i will not be going to this car wash or gas station anymore .
are you joking $ _num_ !
they put a huge deep scratch in my truck !
they knew it would be several thousand to fix .
they do n't care about you , or your vehicles .
like previous reviews have said , they upsell in the worst way possible .
i politely said no and tried to get in my car .
well no call thursday of friday .
over _num_ hours later i drove over to cobblestone to talk .
these guys seemed like they just did n't care .
needless to say i will never let these guys near my cars again .
they do not wipe down the interior of the car anymore either .
got the ultimate plus & they did a horrible job .
had a chip filled on my windshield then a car wash .
went to the toyota dealership to have my oil changed .
asked about the plastic pieces the gold the floor mat down .
terrible `` detail '' .
i got the car back and the trunk had not been vacuumed at all .
floor mats had not been removed , there was dirt underneath the mats .
terrible , awful job .
this place keeps getting worse .
danielle at the register was no help either .
he stood watch to make sure his own were done .
horrible .
had the monthly payment program for express washes on my last car .
not happy , see you later cobblestone .
i stopped in just because i was in a hurry .
purchased the ultimate wash for _num_ .
i wish i would have asked for my money back .
not worth $ _num_ or even close !
they scam you out of your money !
i will not be doing business with anyone who treats customers like they do .
i had a weekly pass for another wash by my old office .
after one wash the tire shine was all over the side of my truck .
it looked worse then when it was a little dusty .
the guy drying the car half dried it and left spots all over it .
but they would n't charge me the hand wash extra price .
so again , i pay the $ _num_ for the clay bar .
are you kidding me ?
and it looked like my car had been vacuumed by a _num_ year old .
crumbs and dirt all over .
this place is a rip off !
i warned them that i would tell everyone how they do business .
there are other car washes in chandler that do a better job !
there was a layer of dirt all over the dash and the seats .
there was still trash everywhere .
poor service all around .
when tried to cancel they said no you must go on line or call .
be careful with your credit cards here very disappointed !
terrible attention to detail and a waste of time and money .
do n't bother .
no attention to detail .
avoid this place at all costs !
i was wrong !
there were no scratches or chips on the car prior to bringing it in .
ok , just another update .
so i was given a a supreme wash coupon from a family member .
they did n't even attempt to wipe them up .
the absolute worst car wash in the east valley .
are you kidding me ?
never again and we have _num_ vehicles .
they also do a pretty poor job at drying off the car .
it 's hard to forgive car damage though .
i pay for _num_ unlimited fast passes for our cars .
i purchased the basic wash and when i recieved my car i was satisfied .
i literally could wipe the dirt off .
so this is where my issue begins about my car .
which is probably sitting on my driveway .
they went ahead and fix their mistake and added oil to it .
confirmed the account was cancelled , but they continued to charge me .
gold earrings stolen from car today while in for wash !
decided to give another chance today , and i get robbed .
sent my wife in to take advantage of the coupon .
they said yes not telling her the total price in advance .
very disappointed in your idea of a `` complete '' and clean car .
you could have spent ten more minutes cleaning my car correctly the first time .
the interior looked like they had n't even gone over it with the vacuum .
they really dropped the ball on this one .
bad and getting worse !
for $ _num_ i would have expected more .
interior windows bad .
also , constant up selling attempts are annoying .
will not be back .
also did n't clean window that well .
not worth it .
you 're better off going to a do it yourself wash .
big mistake .
that 's a rip off .
wow this is just as bad as going to a car dealership !
$ _num_ , total ripoff .
usually good , but the last _num_ times , 1-2 star max .
however , i could not recommend them after my visit and here is why .
oh and did i mention the `` cream '' is $ _num_ .
customer service is terrible .
never saw what they 'd look like nor what they would do .
they are inefficient and sloppy ( at running the practice ) .
receptionist rude .
very long wait times .
would not recommend .
this is the first nasty florist i have ever met .
i would not recommend flowers by renee .
there was no apology , no making up for it .
if they 're not decent i will be sure to add another review .
the bouquet looked no different than the basic package .
my husband gave flowers by renee another chance .
the first bouquet he ordered from there was worse than pathetic and we complained .
walked in to buy flowers for my wife the day before mothers day .
i have never been more disappointed .
big disappointment !
it looked nothing like the picture .
and when i complained by email they never even responded to me .
did my flowers even get delivered ?
she read the number to me and it was n't even close to mine !
so , i am left waiting a lot longer than i thought .
horrible !
worse mistake of my life !
oh i was answered .
horrible .
i went in and just as i was checking in someone checked in online .
i was pissed to say the least .
i had already been waiting _num_ minutes .
horrible service !
this place is less than average in my book .
when i walked in the gentleman told me to pick any chair .
so i did then he asked me to move .
she finished my pedi in _num_ mins .
i also asked for the sugar scrub which was oil and sugar scrub .
again not worth it .
the foot massage lasted _num_ minutes .
the woman that did my nails did a very rushed job .
although they looked nice , the quality was not there .
she did it in about _num_ mins .
only lasted a week before i had to get them redone .
waste .
needed a relaxing pedicure after a hard move !
worst ever !
i will not be returning to this place again !
do n't waste your money here .
only came here because nothing else was open .
worst nail experience i 've ever had !
my pedicure left me with skin hanging off two toes - not trimmed well .
not it will be _num_ min or _num_ min just no !
extremely rude and i would not waste my time !
i was totally disgusted !
and it 's not complicated .
with only _num_ cars in line .
the restaurant was dirty and the service was incredibly slow .
the guy taking the orders was not friendly .
i ordered the # _num_ combo and they only gave me three sauces .
i need _num_ just for the pizza .
no fork , no napkins .
sounds like i 'm on kitchen nightmares with gordon ramsey .
she 's also singing really annoying songs as well .
ca n't stand it .
what an unpleasant experience to eat here .
i am so glad i do n't work with this lady .
very bad customer service .
did not accept coupon or the yelp check in offer for my watch repair .
his wife borders on rude .
she does not really allow you to have an opinion .
this place has the absolute worst customer service .
the rude lady at the front needs to be fired .
she said , we did n't put that battery in .
then they tried charging me $ _num_ for a battery .
the time on the watch was n't even set .
they were celebrating a remodel and having quite a busy saturday .
but i have never been escorted to the bakery .
instead we picked up some doughnuts and stopped at starbucks on the way out .
oh yea , i remember why i quit going to safeway .
the worst shopping experience ever .
bagels not well displayed , very few choices .
no we do n't toast , ask the deli for butter .
asked the deli , no butter is not on our condiment order list .
i used to love this store , have shopped here for _num_ years .
in the past _num_ months , they have gone really downhill .
not good .
we have other choices down here safeway !
that 's why i gave them _num_ stars .
never again use this store .
i 'm actually pissed i have to give them one star .
this place is n't worth the $ _num_ for _num_ with a cart .
skip this place .
today , i had the worst tacos ever .
i am not kidding .
you 've been warned !
i told the sales clerk to take a few links off my new watch .
went here during lunch this past week .
the lady who did my nails was very stale .
i have never had a fill hurt so bad .
she went to paint the whole nail and never asked me .
i only get tips done .
this place is horrible .
this place does not seem to care if they have any customers .
gross !
so i arrived and saw a room full of elderly clients .
i assume they offer some sort of senior day .
cute but i am _num_ and my fianc is _num_ .
i told them _num_ pedicures and _num_ manicure .
when we got to my nails she did n't do to much critical removal .
polish was not even .
it was a very disappointing experience here .
i went to get my eyebrows waxed and it was not very busy .
however , i felt rushed through the process .
she missed a lot of hairs and did n't shape the top very well .
needless to say , i wo n't be returning here again .
they always mess up my order , especially at the drive-thru .
this is probably the slowest fast food restaurant i have eaten at .
this is the slowest mcdonald 's in the country probably .
why corporate does n't come down on this place is unbelievable .
_num_ am and lots to do on a busy saturday and i am starving .
i actually felt bad for one guy that seemed to be in charge .
then we received our sandwiches that were not the right sandwiches .
to the kitchen `` no , this goes here .
my first visit - the chicken nuggets were dry and they forgot the sauce .
i had to wait again for both items to be redone .
notice that there was nobody else in the restaurant .
when the redo was done , i asked for the honey mustard sauce .
she did n't want to give it to me .
she was not pleasant about it .
she looked dreadful and her attitude sucked .
i suppose it takes a while to weed out bad employees .
drive thru is terrible .
took _num_ minutes from the time i placed order to get the food .
unbelievable and unacceptable .
no more !
service is horrible , food is always awful .
mcdonald 's down the street will be getting my business .
they could n't care less about the customer .
do n't care about customer satisfaction .
the worst service ever .
the worst customer service ever !
stay away from really bad management !
but they have the worst service .
we only live _num_ minutes away .
we waited another _num_ minutes and still no delivery .
that is very bad business .
it 's so frustrating because the pizza is good here .
okay ... so i have to write an update because this is just strange .
so i still have a $ _num_ debit on my account .
poorly managed restaurant .
we just spent $ _num_ on a _num_ '' pizza with no meat .
not coming back here -i do n't need the attitude .
it looked like someone threw up sauce over everything .
and speaking of the sauce , three words : salty , salty , salty .
even the crust was incredibly salty .
could n't even finish a single slice , it was so disgusting .
ill start by saying do not eat here !
it ruined all of my food .
there was ranch all over my bread the container , it was a mess .
i was not at all pleased and i have n't even tasted the food .
it was not good .
i would n't even feed it to my dog .
it was over all a bad experience and waste of money .
too bad they were .
hit or miss , this joint .
then , you can wait _num_ minutes while they make it .
if you do n't like gambling , avoid this hole in the wall .
i decided to try this place because they deliver and oregano 's does not .
i ordered a pan pizza with pepperoni and it was okay .
i guess that 's what i get for being lazy .
my chicago style pizza last night had liquid dripping out of it .
selection is n't too good at this one .
presentation is only ok most times i 've been in here .
their fried chicken is the worst fried chicken i have ever attempted to eat .
i 've had good customer service , and i 've had bad customer service .
admittedly more good than bad .
i ignored it and told him how much i needed one for .
i just said ok , and left .
and i 've also never gotten any less than fresh meat here .
plus the store feels dirty .
the worst !
absolutely the worst mani/pedi place in town .
the owner was extremely rude .
i will not ever go back .
poor service and very disappointed with my mani/pedi .
do n't go here if you care about customer service .
they are rude and only want your money .
i 've gone here a few times and i 've left here feeling disappointed .
they rush their work if they have some one waiting .
they only care about quantity and not quality .
too bad you ca n't do negative stars .
this is the worst nail place ever .
she is a horrible business woman , not bright , lazy and unprofessional .
i listened in , and can confirm how polite she was .
no thanks barro 's .
for lunch the lunch specials are _num_ cents more than the west valley .
i know it 's two brothers i guess one is greedy over the other .
every time i get slices here they are always over cooked and cold .
once i got the new pizza only to see it was my original pizza .
it was cold and soggy .
the blonde young lady that works lunch hours was extremely rude .
she gave me major attitude so i said never mind .
very disappointed .
she was also rude and impatient and seemed distracted .
completely unorganized staff who are not trained in customer service .
unfortunately , this is n't the first time this has happened .
i ordered a meatball sub the other night and it was dry .
there was no sauce on it at all .
i would n't recommend them anymore .
terrible customer service .
i waited _num_ mins for chicken wings .
that 's pathetic .
- prime rib was over done and obviously cooked as a single order .
honestly , the worst i have ever had .
i will not go back .
probably expected too much ... .
pretty much tortilla chips burnt with a small portion of beans and cheese .
worst food ever .
disgusting .
i took about _num_ bites cause i felt bad wasting it .
do n't bother visiting this location .
disgusting waste of money .
i repeated this many , many , many and did i stress many times .
and the cashier could n't have been any more rude .
you 'll get none of that nonsense at this fry 's .
ugh .
it is sad you have to tell people to do this .
she was smiling , but it was n't at me .
no employee in sight .
i even wandered around looking for one .
god i hate that parking lot .
he told me it was a mistake and ended the conversation quickly .
sort of ridiculous if you ask me .
this location is really busy .
i 've been a customer of this fry 's store for over _num_ years .
i could not believe my ears .
i said `` no thanks '' and left .
it is horrible .
no more .
sushi here was a disgrace today .
are usually shop on sunday but this week was different .
money , money , money .
its all about the money , that is this church wants your money .
this is business ... lets not pretend other wise .
ordered carry out med sausage and med meat lovers .
got home to find a med cheese and med meat lovers .
it is remarkable how bad this pizza is .
we ordered delivery for two pizzas and an asiago cheese bread .
the pizzas were fine but the cheese bread was totally burnt .
i ca n't believe they delivered it to us .
went here for first time in awhile .
that is unfortunate and cheap .
i have been here three times now and will not be back .
girls only accepted $ _num_ lap dances on a tuesday !
no good , it should be $ _num_ lap dances for a tuesday .
it 's been $ _num_ always !
the stripper ripped me off !
it 's not the money it 's the principle !
this place is the worst !
this was not one of them .
we ended up buying _num_ tickets for $ _num_ .
first , we stood in line for _num_ minutes to ride the train .
the seats were ridiculously uncomfortable and the ride was so boring .
since we had _num_ more tickets left , we went to the museum .
what a complete waste of _num_ hour of my time .
in fact - nothing , totally dark and empty !
i already hate arizona , it 's the state of liars !
i feel bad about giving this place two stars ... really .
wtf ?
do n't these people own a hose ?
i could n't even imagine eating them !
and macaroni salad ... it was n't good .
so was the veggie beef soup .
the cornbread was dry and my mom said her baked potato was too .
but he always refilled our drinks and cleared our plates away quickly .
why is it so difficult to find a decent salad bar here in phx ?
skip it .
the last time i went in i needed a standard bass case .
the guy disappeared into the back for literally _num_ minutes .
customer service is bad .
not so much anymore .
complete and total lack of customer service .
it seems customer loyalty does n't mean anything to the policy makers there .
i was greeted and off to a good start , then all went downhill .
i have a feeling she wo n't be going back either .
worst nail salon ever .
waste of time and money .
they did n't use new or freshly cleaned tools for my pedi .
they would n't try a color on me .
they were rude .
seriously , go spend your money elsewhere .
a pedi is supposed to be relaxing .
not frustrating .
i had the deluxe pedicure ( $ _num_ ) as i had gift certificate .
not impressed .
just not very thorough work .
i literally get the same gel manicure every time .
i 'm done being treated poorly when i am just trying to relax .
there is no reason to make an appointment with this business .
this is not ok when you have nothing to do but your nails .
when you have an appointment that has passed over _num_ minutes ago .
it 's very frustrating .
i never have _num_ mins to waste bc of their poor management .
no ... dont go here .
$ _num_ w tip for a full set with gel .
no hand lotion used after , no massage either .
rushed , rude , lousy massage and cluttered work space .
i wish i had gone somewhere else .
they were disrespectful and condescending both on the phone and in person .
do not try to sell jewelry to this place !
using low numbers , that is $ _num_ retail for the two diamonds .
i figured getting maybe $ _num_ to $ _num_ for the pair .
these people are hoping to rip you off .
london gold was a rude experience .
i was sent to a gentlemen in the corner of the store .
he then told me no and rudely suggested i leave .
but i ca n't begin to tell you how rude and insulting he was .
honestly , the customer service was awful and so out of line .
screw me once , but never again !
high pressure salespeople make for an unpleasant experience .
wo n't be going back .
worst branch ever !
every time i go in , there is a line of _num_ plus people .
they do not have enough staff to do business .
the location is also so outdated .
be prepared to wait wait wait !
i dread going here once a month .
that does n't sound too bad .
so why the _num_ stars , you ask ?
okay , the negatives : the negatives all center around price .
i paid $ _num_ for a small sandwich and fries .
but that 's not the way a jewish deli works .
i could n't believe it !
but wait , there 's more .
probably not .
kinda leaves a bad taste in the mouth .
maybe it was bad timing ( end of the day ? )
the pastrami was pretty dry and lacked flavor .
the bread was a little stale tasting but was n't horrible .
i doubt i would come back to this place .
there are a lot of better options for food in the area .
what a disappointment today !
there was no one in the restaurant and a full staff .
i demanded my money back .
what is my point , after all , every restaurant has a lousy evening .
bad sign !
you like stopping free falls .
the owner wo n't tell you until after she 's run your card .
the giant one in your face does n't mention it .
this deli is mediocre at best .
the remaining order was returned as cold as it was the first time around .
bland , overcooked food with food servers being totally ignorant of customer service .
service on the other end , very poor .
clean , flavorful , not salty .
-- here 's the worst thing possible : the sandwich arrived with mayonnaise .
really , i 'm not kidding .
this is not a real jewish deli .
it does n't come close .
i got the club sandwich and my mom got the chicken salad sandwich .
they had absolutely zero flavor to them the bread was terrible .
the problem the sandwich was lacking the meat & chopped liver .
all you could taste was the bread .
a real ripoff .
a very poor representation / or disgrace to serve this .
to many deli 's that serve a descent sandwich for the same price ... .
_num_ dollars for an egg salad sandwich !
not today , i turned right around and walked out .
the meal was not delivered together .
each person had to wait _num_ minutes apart to get served .
someone could have slipped on the floor .
this would seem to be a fairly serious handicap for such a trade .
i like low prices .
her prices are rock bottom for cheap watch batteries , and simple jewelry repair .
do not trust this jeweler .
they would n't honor pet co 's online sale prices .
this location is dirty and disorganized .
the staff are hard to find .
i 'll avoid this location from now on .
i keep returning based on convenient location to my home but no more .
save your money for another location or different restaurant .
he said i owed him money , over $ _num_ !
never mind i had seen him the week before and he had said nothing .
if not , stay away .
in fact , both my big mac and my girlfriend 's were surprising dry !
i 'm sorry but the secret sauce was not enough to save them !
overall , this was a bad first impression at this location .
in fact , i do n't normally eat at fast food joints .
there was barely any ranch on it and it was cold .
i guess it 's my own fault .
disgusting !
ca n't figure out quite what the meat tastes like , definitely not beef .
i would avoid this location .
my order is always wrong and the food quality is terrible .
the manager here by the name of david needs to get fired asap .
worst customer service ever .
never before have i been denied ice waters in arizona before .
this mcdonalds has officially lost me as a customer .
he claimed to be native american but i highly doubt that he is .
the worst customer service that i have ever experienced .
it 's so not worth the few bucks saved .
super disappointed in the kids shoe selection .
they were either too wide , or they would slip off .
the selection available at this store is just terrible .
this might as well be an outlet store .
i am a _num_ year old white christian with a bad back .
however , after my last visit on a saturday i will not return .
what a waste of money !
just when you think it could n't get any worse !
it 's too bad they do n't have a minus five selection here .
he tries to sell me an interior detail for $ _num_ .
they did n't do a horrible job , but there were obvious misses inside .
warning : do not take your car here !
there were so many things not washed or cleaned ... it was ridiculous .
_num_ hour and $ _num_ later .
we paid for a detail and got a crappy wash .
i was wrong !
do not take your care here .
complain ?
this one consistently sucks !
do not take your car here .
not good .
vacuuming was also poor .
will avoid in future .
the employees are so rude and unprofessional !
rude .
and they did a crappy job on my car .
the worst employees are the fat dudes that work inside behind the counter !
i just bought a groupon for a vip wash .
so , this past weekend , it went in .
please head this warning and do not take your car here !
terrible wash , and even worse customer service .
i got the _num_ basic wash .
it 's been over an hour and i am still waiting for my car .
not worth the time or money .
i was very disappointed with the outcome of my car wash .
the interior of my car was not completely cleaned either .
rude !
these people are terrible .
and their attitude is terrible .
this car wash is the slowest of any i have ever used .
for a basic wash , i waited _num_ minutes .
your car will air dry before a person touches it .
very poor service .
horrible customer service .
the cashier was dismissive and flat out rude .
i wo n't be coming back here and neither will that man .
she just lost this business _num_ customers over $ _num_ and her bad attitude .
terry , is the absolute worst .
both the scottsdale police and salt river police know this carwash well .
i immediately proceeded to my bank and filed a fraud claim against this establishment .
avoid like the plague !
which i will be because i will never return nor recommend .
horrible customer service from the second i drove in .
copper is the owner and does not value repeat clients !
i really want to like this place .
terrible place !
avoid at all costs .
it looked like they had sliced with another key or something got caught .
avoid it , just avoid it .
this has to be the slowest car wash in america .
expect average results and a minimum _num_ minute wait time .
the worst car wash in the valley .
this place is terrible .
i have no idea if they even waxed my car .
avoid this place at all costs .
i would never go back .
not worth the hassle or the unorganized way things were handled .
this place is really the worst car wash i have ever been to .
i would n't even take them if they were free !
unreal how slow they are .
easily worst car wash in all of arizona .
would n't go back if it was free .
after many years of being a satisfied customer i have just been ripped off !
so much for my loyalty to az auto wash .
this place sucks .
horrible service .
an absolute joke and waste of time and money .
horrible service .
he was literally begging and once i gave a firm no he become hostile .
i put a _num_ pound car on this trailer and moved it _num_ miles .
do n't use this location for anything !
the inside has been scratched up too .
they ruined my paint and interior .
it is very bad , and i now have to get my car painted !
i really can not believe it .
look at all the bad reviews of arizona auto wash in scottsdale !
the worst car wash i 've ever gotten !
car wash gas station does a better job !
but , yet again , customer service has driven me away .
she did not acknowledge my presence and continued to chit chat with them .
at that point , she picked up an attitude with me .
i will not be returning to this leslie 's .
when he returned he only had _num_ pots .
i contacted the store immediately and asked them where my 6th pot was .
the employee said no they were not going to .
the barista was a very nasty women .
she was unfriendly and flat out rude .
hands down worst starbucks i have ever been to !
this used to be my favorite starbucks in the valley .
now i sadly avoid it .
how rude !
there was n't anyone else behind me !
what a ridiculous experience i had at this starbucks .
what kind of training does starbucks provide to their staff ?
this place sold me two used table lamps .
i returned the lamps and will never step foot into this store again .
i went to lamps plus to do some comparison shopping .
so , after waiting _num_ min a sales lady came to help .
the previous place we went spent _num_ hrs with us .
bought _num_ lamps and had to return the other the next day .
took at least _num_ minutes for the return and i had some questions afterwards .
they need some customer service training badly !
mostly indifferent staff who do n't seem eager to help .
do n't stay here .
stayed _num_ nights .
no hot water .
they did not care .
after finally speaking to the manager they get me a smoke free room .
the hotel 's okay but the customer service is awful .
not a word was spoken about my stay .
to be clear , priceline is not to blame here .
i have stayed here from time to time .
my two stars are because the hotel rooms are now very dated and worn .
also they also use this creepy mattress pad as a comforter .
hardly worth a wait .
but i am not that confused .
overpriced ... not all that good .
we both walked away thinking wtf ?
for a steakhouse that was very disappointing .
sorry flemings , we will not be back .
now that 's really bad !
do n't think i 'll be visiting any time soon .
creme brulee dessert was not better than the keg .
ugh .
service was snooty and slow .
left a sour taste in my mouth .
even so , it was n't about the money .
and the kids meals included slices of apples as a first course .
they could n't come up with something more creative than that ?
he did n't mention anything , no apologies ... nada .
did n't take it off the bill either .
not classy way to handle .
the food was excellent but the portions were very small and overpriced .
now to the big disappointment .
overall , just a bad cut of meat !
tasted like it was made far in advance and dried out .
overall , we had a pleasant experience , but the main attraction fell short .
when i made the reservation , i told them it was jeff 's birthday .
no ambiance , no windows but quieter .
ugh .
he was happy , i was not .
the chocolate lava cake was yummy , coffee was meh .
the salad was really tiny , not sure why .
it took a really long time , _num_ min between appetizer and salad .
i 've learned my lesson and stick to the dc ranch flemings .
my husband and i had reservations for our anniversary last weekend .
no one approached our table .
not to my taste .
we mentioned to the manager , whom was not very sincere with his response .
so me and my wife dress up for an awesome night .
so we grab a drink , the bartenders are awesome .
_num_ mins later we get a table , why make a reservation ?
after around _num_ mins we put our order in .
wrong !
i get better steaks from the market .
needless to say , this establishment will never get my business again .
my girlfriend and i went there this past sunday for the second time .
this past sunday 's experience fell short .
but , you ca n't help but notice the lack of service .
not this scottsdale location .
so there was n't a reservation according to the greeter .
thankfully my wife 's unique first name allowed them to find it .
order but by drink glass was frequently empty throughout the night .
she normally does this but ok .
but we will not go here again .
once seated , service continued to be slow .
will not be returning to this location as we were both disappointed .
otherwise would have rated our visit tonight a _num_ .
we dined with them and was so disappointed .
service was horrible and the food was substandard .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
my prime rib was so fatty i could n't eat it .
the waiter did n't even question why i did n't eat my entree .
one table next to us walked out ... i will never go back .
the night was more of a disappointment from there .
after finally getting her attention back , i asked to have it brought out .
why would he recommend something he had never tried .
they did not look like they were enjoying their splurge meal .
for a $ _num_ meal it is outrageous .
im not going back here.
going to fleming 's used to be a nice occasion .
scratch this one off the list .
terrible service- terrible food .
my son 's took _num_ bite of his chicken and stopped there .
stopped by last night shortly after opening .
i flagged down a guy to bring me some cracked pepper which helped .
for the money , there 's much better restaurants in town .
btw , my last trip to flemings , on ray rd .
the food however was really overpriced for what you got and disappointing .
not a high end restaurant .
we were in a semi private room , which was nice .
overpriced with mediocre food .
i suggest you do not patronize .
they are all about corporate , not the individual .
i will not patronize this establishment again .
i tried the pork chop ( $ _num_ and a la carte ) .
when it arrived , it was well undercooked ( cold rare ) .
what an awful experience .
from the second we walked in the door we were immediately treated poorly .
not just poorly but like we did n't belong there at all .
i gave the hostess my name and reservation time .
she blew me off .
we did n't care !
because i was n't an older white male i was n't taken seriously .
not even an email .
do n't waste your time or hard earned money .
so no i 'm not a snob .
they did n't even acknowledge our wait .
please do n't waste your time or money here .
this place is disgusting .
i have not eaten there since .
what a shame , because i always choose a local place over a chain .
customer service is horrible !
i decide not to order from this place .
and they 're from chicago and do n't make chicago deep dish pizza ?
i had high hopes , but this place missed the mark .
we then talked about what alternatives there were and decided on chicken fingers .
the order arrived , but the chicken fingers were missing .
she said there were no chicken fingers on the receipt .
i will not eat from here again , ever .
the pizza was extremely bland , absolutely no flavor !
waste of twenty bucks !
i would not recommend this place to anyone or ever come back .
being from chicago , this was the pizza we had to try .
tonight i placed an order for pickup .
she tells me _num_ minutes .
i tried calling , but phones were still not being answered .
especially when it was supposed to be a pick up order to begin with .
good food , but poorly managed .
will not be customers again unless management changes .
i have been using yelp for over a year and never wrote a review .
tonight really was the icing on the cake .
never again though .
we ordered a large cheese pizza , some chicken tenders , and some fries .
the service was awful .
seriously , go to frys and buy your own .
very very disappointing .
pretty sure i just ordered the worst gyro of my life .
the meat was way over cooked , crispy !
worst customer service i have ever dealt with .
woman who answered the phone was extremely rude .
she immediately became very irritated with this request .
my coworker called back asking if she had an issue with our order .
if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
was missing items in my order .
i have had decent hotdogs here but the pizza is really gross .
price .
btw the pizza was average , nothing special .
a very weak experience .
gross and sad .
this was my first experience ordering their pizza .
this was by far the most appalling customer service i 've ever experienced .
this place is the worst .
the three pizzas i had delivered were all cold , dry , and overdone .
wo n't order from here again because the food was horrible .
the pizza was thin crust , square cut , and cold .
at least she has not touched any food that i have seen so far .
whoever the owner is should make sure the workers understand hygiene .
not a huge deal since she is not working with the food but still .
i am getting my slice now and it 's pretty bland but huge piece .
an hour and a half later we calling to check on her order .
i was less than one block away .
please be aware do not do business with this company after _num_ pm .
if you do so you 'll be highly disappointed .
the women answering the phones at this establishment should be fired .
so disappointed .
drove the length of scottsdale to get it and could hardly eat it .
not the end of the world .
second time did n't go too well at all .
third time around - taking down to _num_ stars from _num_ .
another _num_ minutes later my pizza arrives , but is completely cold .
terrible pizza .
it was as hard as a piece of cardboard .
just terrible .
i specifically asked for well done chicken wings , they were raw and gross .
messy .
this restaurant has done nothing but gone downhill .
we all hated it .
the over done pizza was inedible .
avoid this place .
oh but my garlic knots were way over cooked .
waste of money and food and over half of it went in the trash .
avoid at all costs !
when we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call .
it is extremely inconvenient .
lame .
i did n't see any other pricing on the plants that made this misleading .
as we walked through i saw a cashier running around watering some plants .
i 'm pretty sure i walked a secret path where all employees were invisible .
this rack had a printed `` _num_ % off '' sign .
we saw the original pricing tags in white and other tags in yellow .
in some cases the yellow tag was not _num_ % off the white tag .
i will never purchase anything from lowe 's again .
i passed _num_ hd 's on the way over .
this was a lousy experience .
i guess they assume nobody does home improvement on saturdays .
they contract out installers who are useless .
i missed a day of work for that b.s .
called lowe 's to reschedule and they act like it 's my fault !
you 'll save time , money and not be really irritated .
i already had _num_ % off on line from coupons so this was insulting .
then they promised to call me back , and never did .
i do n't know how this store is getting _num_ stars .
terrible customer service !
went in at 7:30 in the morning and it was not busy at all .
not helpful !
everyone else was just walking by , head down , moving slow .
selection on what we needed was poor , too !
and they cut my key wrong a few days ago .
we had them take the dishwasher back ; we 'll do our shopping elsewhere .
and make sure you notice that the credit card interest rate is _num_ % .
once i basically ran into one he was helpful .
i am so disappointed .
they are functional , but this is so disappointing .
do n't have any custom work done .
worst store for follow up or assistance .
no one in customer service seems to be able to answer questions .
no follow up is done and you will never get a call back .
i would give it zero stars , if the option was available .
however , his condescending tone truly irritated me .
i do n't need amazing service either - just someone who gives a crap .
these stores just do n't get it and are n't training their staff .
customer service is a joke .
the cashier was very polite , the only reason for _num_ stars .
on multiple occasions i have had awful customer service here .
hopefully its just isolated to this location .
keep in mind the next closest stores are far away .
and here is where i should have walked out .
i was in shock and honestly i should have walked out then and there .
`` ok , see ya , i do n't care . ''
no thank you .
your staff loaded our custom doors for delivery and destroyed them .
our new custom doors wo n't be ready until january _num_ .
this would actually be a quote which is not what we were looking for .
they have lost my business for anything , forever .
i would n't let them replace my counters if they did it for free .
i will never buy carpet from this lowes store .
they wo n't correct my information or are unable to .
the manager only said they were sorry .
absolutely the worst experience we have ever had at any retail store in life .
transferred _num_ times , _num_ minutes on hold .
and i have not spoken yet to anyone who can help !
our general contractor could not get a call back , and neither can we .
it is the worst scheduling situation i have ever encountered !
this $ _num_ ad is a lie .
they billed my insurance $ _num_ $ _num_ of which i now owe .
do n't waste your time go somewhere else .
i purchased the money saving plan , so it would n't be that expensive .
this perfect teeth location is a shame .
trying to squeeze money outta people with unnecessary dental work .
very bad experience .
no greeting and nothing else .
this place is the definition of `` rude . ''
went to them in _num_ and they were rude and awful .
i get it dental work with no insurance is a pain in the ass .
i 've never ever went to a dentist in pain and got turned away .
only to come home in pain with no work done .
about everything they say to you is a complete lie .
i recommend not even thinking going to this dentist !
when i picked up my ring , a white gold piece , it fit .
i left with a smile and $ _num_ less in my wallet .
my ring started to turn gold .
gold is not me .
plus , it was confusing .
blue diamond was so convenient for me .
let down enough to never return .
do not go here under any circumstances !
i should have learned my lesson with the chicken _num_ years ago .
i am rather bummed because this place is not far from where i live .
the chicken taco was pretty good , but again nothing exciting .
most of the tables were not cleaned off in the restaurant .
their food is garbage .
corn tortilla filled with shredded jack cheese smothered with a bland sauce .
i did not like their food or service .
: ( a million sad faces for me .
everything was cold , except the beans oddly enough .
and it was chewy , like it had been fried some time ago .
the taco meat was cold .
the cheese enchilada was cold .
and the rice , well , i do n't even remember .
i do n't get it .
it was off hours , and there was only one other table in there .
maybe they were waiting for a take-out order to pass it off .
only giving a second star because ... i do n't even know why .
everything is made very cheap with no quality ingredients .
there was n't a customer in the place but every table was dirty .
my advice ... go elsewhere .
aside from service , the food was not very good either .
paid for carne asada quesadillas - no carne asada in the quesadillas .
guy did n't seem like he cared to talk to us or address us .
i 'd rather make the drive out to la .
what it 's only _num_ or _num_ hours away .
it 's a sucker bet .
the dressing for the salad was bitter and weird .
i 'm not sure if they make it themselves , or they buy it .
the tempura batter was a little thick and not that great .
we have n't tried it yet , but we probably wo n't anyways .
_num_ stars .
ah , yelp , you caused me to have high expectations for this place .
i was left feeling disappointed .
the nigiri sushi is n't that fresh .
iced green tea was very yummy .
may or may not go back ... still searching ... .
this was not the case last night .
there was one sliced tomato and no mushrooms .
she took spicy tuna off the bill since we had only consumed one .
i hate to say it but i will probably not return .
the third will be explained in detail .
the other three were pretty disgusting .
sorta rude .
i 'm never going back here , ew .
sakana is another typical sushi place .
thats not how you run a business .
and couldnt get out of there fast enough .
the service however , could use an overhaul .
this place is not your typical sushi place .
this place is like american sushi bar .
taste , is nothing to rave about and you get what you paid for .
service was slow and the bill was a complete joke .
not a good time .
p.s .
snow crab is not the main ingredient to every roll !
i feel like the art of sushi is lost on this place .
this place does n't care about those details .
for those that are n't , skip it .
am i paying for the styrofoam container ?
i have been to this sushi place at least a half dozen times .
the waitresses are rude and act as though you are wasting their time .
which was disgusting .
no other types of fish .
the only flavor that stood out was the salmon .
but the service here is terrible .
the food itself its not that great but not terrible especially for that price .
by far , the worst sushi i have ever had in my life .
the service was horrible .
the atmosphere is the worst .
i do n't understand all the outstanding reviews .
whatever you do , do not order the spicy tuna .
it was mushy and gross .
it 's the worst sushi i 've ever had .
what is going on with these stellar reviews ?
i can safely say , we will never be returning again .
so disappointing .
right after the lady gave me my total , she walked away .
ridiculous .
its ok ; _num_ stars for food and _num_ for service .
the fish is edible and if you live here it should suffice .
this place is so bad .
the rolls were also falling apart and very mushy .
sorry but i do n't know why anyone would pay to eat this food .
not worth the value .
the soft shell crab roll was pretty near disgusting .
it was burnt and soggy .
we usually leave sakana so fat and happy that the poor quality was surprising .
even the vegas roll was less than .
i do n't even know how you mess up cream cheese and smoked salmon .
we had the lunch special and it was not real seafood .
imitation everything .
the sushi that i had was not fresh .
i am also qualified to know what is real seafood and what is not .
imitation crab meat is not real seafood .
your sushi was not even `` fresh for arizona '' .
a group of _num_ of us went to get sushi here on friday .
the women on the phone told me it was all night .
terrible service .
once my favorite sushi spot ; it has gone downhill .
just poor quality fish , no attention to detail .
period .
it sushi not fine dining .
third : why would you turn away paying customers ?
also carpet in a sushi restaurant is disgusting .
the food is mediocre but the service is terrible .
not to mention i think the quality of sushi continues to get worse .
their customer service is atrocious .
i think this company is a scam .
worse company ever .
this place was not helpful to say the least .
the offices do not have great views .
the golf facilities are mediocre so do n't even bother .
rude service with a locals only attitude .
that makes sense ... not .
very slow pace of play too .
this golf course by far has the worst employees ever .
do not recommend this course at all .
slow !
i have played there _num_ times , all within the last year .
for some stupid reason i went back again this past may .
not a marshall in sight !
horrible customer service !
ridiculous .
wo n't be back .
played sunday and expected a slow round but not another _num_ he ordeal .
no . ''
overall not worth the $ _num_ i spent .
its a shame ... this used to be a decent nursery years ago .
the service here is terrible .
not sure anyone even cares .
the shopping experience was fine , delivery was another story .
no apology .
other plants that we had paid for were not .
why did you try to pawn them off on us then ?
again , no apologies , could care less .
wrong .
they seem like they want to make my experience right .
absolute terrible service .
i 've been canceled on the same day twice now by their landscape designer .
i would not recommend spending a dime here .
this is where the _num_ stars come in .
which again makes no sense .
me : `` i need a couple trees for my yard .
i have lawn so i need trees that tolerate turf conditions . ''
ugh .
do n't waste your time at this nursery .
do not use this company .
ill admit it , i 'm an idiot .
the worst part about it is they just dont care !
the first time i spent over $ _num_ to landscape my backyard .
both options were unacceptable .
i have never had such a bad customer experience in my life !
salesman stopped answering my calls and my questions .
i can not believe what a unprofessional people work there .
it is just unacceptable .
no call at all .
really crappy service in my mind .
the worst service experience ever !
wrong day so he was turned away at our guard gate .
so then they tell me they ca n't come until friday .
they do n't deserve my business or yours .
the worst service experience ever !
wrong day so he was turned away at our guard gate .
so then they tell me they ca n't come until friday .
they do n't deserve my business or yours .
it had $ _num_ on the tag .
you 've been warned .
worst customer service i have ever had .
long waits on time for people to get back .
landscape designer did n't know what she was doing .
i complained and they sent out a supervisor named mark .
i would not use them ever again .
however , my last experience was just over the top .
my companion and i started off by ordering two coffees .
i thought wrong .
i said yes , and he told me they were out of mashed potatoes .
since i was having hot turkey -- this was quite disappointing .
scrambled looking eggs with slices of cheese on top .
mediocre at best .
greasy noisy expensive questionable quality rude .
the bakery is extremely over priced for what you get .
price : it 's _num_ % of what you 'd expect to pay .
a $ _num_ sandwich will easily cost you $ _num_ .
a very hard thing to get over , regardless of service or taste .
i was just stunned to silence by the horribly high prices .
now i know why they never mention prices on the show .
matzo ball chicken soup was good .
not worth my time ... literally .
very over priced and not very high quality .
it may have been the worst dining experience of my life .
of course the orders were wrong and ice cold .
tasteless pastrami that was _num_ % fat .
returned with a cold matzo ball to put in the soup .
forgot the other soups and then brought them cold .
the food was bad .
however , after the service we received tonight , we will not back .
my husband order a soup and sandwich and i ordered the jewish sliders .
no apology , nothing .
he practically blamed us for being too impatient !
we will not be back !
now i am speaking of breakfast , i have n't had lunch there yet .
the food was also more or less room temp when it arrived .
it would appear that they have good food but the execution was the problem .
my husband was also not impressed with his food .
so i 'll lay it out like this .
i 'm not saying undercooked , i am saying the ground meat was raw .
now about the service which on my latest visit was ridiculously bad .
also , the decor of the restaurant just screamed tired , old , diner .
most items on the menu seemed way too expensive for what it was .
we did n't even get rye bread - at a bakery !
the soup was dreadful - sorry that was too kind it was disgusting .
other waiters were not all in the same uniform , which them look unprofessional .
do n't waste your money or appetite !
first , the service was horrendous .
young people who are clueless as far as serving goes .
and ... vacuuming the carpet while customers are eating is just gross .
thirty minutes after eating , i had to visit the bathroom with urgency .
my corned beef sandwich was dry and the bread fell apart .
poor response !
the people in line with me were not happy either .
ill be back tomorrow for some more bagels .
service leaves a little to be desired .
was not busy , the counter person just flat out ignored my request .
the _num_ of us went to eat , it was not busy .
our waiter , who had no personality attempted to take our order .
he told me they were _num_ cents extra .
are you kidding me ?
apparently they have no idea that yelp is my newest obsession !
there are way better ny deli 's in town now .
was so angry , had to walk out .
i will never return to this joke of a deli .
immediately i thought they placed an order for _num_ sandwiches , nope _num_ .
this isnt nyc or sf , $ _num_ for a bs sandwich ?
it 's just another over priced , no flavor , place .
i was extremely disappointed .
you could n't even pay me to go back there .
the service , on the other hand was very poor .
it was busy so i waited in line like everyone else .
so i wait , and wait , and wait .
_num_ more minutes and its finally done .
this place is overrated , over priced and over sized !
i will not be visiting this place again .
breakfast on saturday at 10:30 am .
and surprisingly , or maybe not , we got a table for two immediately .
after _num_ minutes , he did return to take our order .
only when i asked for some help , did ray return .
bad choice .
this was a pile of messy scrambled eggs with some black beans .
not one because i would have stated the problem .
and the place was not even that busy .
this place is just ok.
food is mediocre and service is horrible .
why do they keep the mean old man behind the counter ?
slow as hell for carry out .
the restaurant is also outdated and needs some fixing up .
will not be going back disappointed in the quality of food .
the guy behind me gave up and left .
disappointing .
i was looking forward to trying this restaurant but was very disappointed .
our waitress never came over to check on us .
when i left , the tables still had n't been cleared .
their prices are beyond ridiculous .
now , the food has potential but i 'm not sure about the cook .
oh my goodness .
not the most welcoming feeling .
service crazy slow , anything i needed today was like asking a favor .
i actually blame myself for giving this place a second chance .
my second mistake , was not checking the order right then and there .
when i got home , i went and sat down at the kitchen table .
i also noticed that the bagel was n't toasted as i had asked for .
why does this keep happening ?
very frustrating !
drove _num_ miles there today to find out i was n't in the book !
not a happy camper , someone better get in touch with me soon !
we were treated horribly and will never return .
i do n't want to come back .
the food was unbelievably great and the service was unbearable .
upon first entering , it 's a little confusing .
the menu is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
i 'm disappointed with the ambiance .
i also think a little breakfast bar would be perfect here .
it was weird getting full waiter service for an easy little bagel sandwich .
not the best , not the worst .
i considered my $ _num_ tab a bit steep .
yes , but probably just for take-out .
my most recent visit was even worse than the first .
a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon should n't be that difficult to get right .
this place is horrible !
it just was n't worth it in my opinion .
the worst service !
plates were dirty and so were the glasses and utensils .
an apology would have been nice , however we did n't receive that either .
no wonder this place is putting out deals to attract more people .
_num_ minute waiting time was to be expected .
it should have a wow factor and it does not .
i expected to able to crunch into my toasted whole wheat bagel .
it was the most awful texture i have even experienced in a bagel .
disappointing .
there was zero table side service .
tomato slices were not ripe .
scrambled eggs were okay .
they should close an hour earlier then !
and my reuben was nothing but fat and end pieces , was gross .
i could n't even eat it , and did n't .
it looked like people 's leftovers they threw on my sandwich .
my mothers liver was overlooked too , tastes like rubber .
very disappointed because this used to a regular place for us .
the bagel which i requested toasted was luke warm .
it was a bad meal .
we could only eat the scrambled eggs .
this has to top the worst breakfast i 've ever been served .
wish i could give zero stars .
by the time someone did help , no apology for the lack of service .
i can not express enough ... avoid this restaurant .
baked goods look lovely but are bland and blah .
service is crazy disorganized and slow .
disappointed .
was getting ready to get up and leave .
very disappointed .
would n't go back .
( two breakfast sandwiches and two bagels ) .
it was okay but bland .
also the sourdough bread requested was not sourdough received .
bread is still stale , and the staff is still rude !
so disappointed !
bad news , it was frozen in the center .
service was terrible as usual .
about half the size of a regular chicken breast .
once seated our server came , rushed by and we were n't quite ready .
so far , this was a disaster dining experience .
i really wish i did n't have to type this .
i 'm telling everyone i know your service is the worst .
the chicken soup was bland and the matzo ball had no flavor .
the corned beef was served cold and was terrible .
the hot brisket was ice cold and tasteless .
the food may be bad but at least the service is terrible .
order wait _num_ to _num_ minutes and everything comes cold .
average food , average prices , nice menu , busy and good location .
i was disappointed in breakfast this morning .
# _num_ -- be careful about having close to closing massages .
the unfriendly check-in .
both equally bad .
the massages ranged from mediocre to pretty good .
my problem is with the misleading business practices they use .
my mistake .
wish i had never gone .
i will never visit this place again .
avoid this place !
the whole experience was ruined .
there is no place to put your purse .
very poor service .
put on hold for _num_ minutes and told they needed to call me back .
the receptionist told me that they could n't guarantee this .
are y'all paying me for my massage , or am i paying y'all ?
it was n't even close to what i asked for .
no way am i coming back here .
my bad , thought i 'd try a different location ... big mistake .
no one was available to pick up plates or wipe tables down .
they nickel and dime you .
big mistake .
extremely mushy and not edible .
truly a weird place .
it was cheap at least .
no flavor .
the whole environment of the restaurant was very old and dirty .
it 's a shame , i really did want to give it a try .
still waiting nearly _num_ mins after ordering and food is not ready .
worst customer service ever !
will not use this store again !
their house rule of trying to be something theyre not is pretty stupid .
i am soooooo confused why this place has good reviews ?
... because she lives off lettuce and has never tried anything else here .
so i went there and got a salad , dressing was pretty gross .
this was obviously put in the microwave , topping and all .
completely disgusting !
food was at best average .
going to houston 's either on scottsdale or on camelback is like throwing dice .
i sent it back and the wait staff rolled her eyes .
so during the winter i would avoid this place .
did n't spend enough money ?
a lot of places ca n't seem to nail that .
but , $ _num_ , for what ?
waitress should have probably mentioned that .
no more than _num_ inches , that 's for sure .
i do n't know how on earth this place can survive .
the food was terrible , some too cold , some just plain old bad !
have you no home training ?
frankly if i could give no stars i would do that .
our party of four met at houston 's for a late lunch this week .
they are missing the consistency that you used to be able to rely on .
the food sucked , the service was awful and the managers were incompetent .
i did n't eat them , and was not charged for them .
no more 1/2 glasses of wine .
of course , they did not charge us for the `` meal '' .
tonight , i just wanted a light snack in one of my favorite places .
i never received silverware or a napkin .
we were surprised to see the change in the layout of the restaurant .
there is n't much to choose from .
the servers are n't exactly the best .
the hickory burger comes with a ridiculous amount of cheese .
the biltmore chicken sandwich was one of the only good dishes .
overall my experience here was not the best .
we stopped by for lunch and the place was totally dead .
i had the biltmore chicken sandwich which was pretty decent .
seated immediately which was great !
it goes downhill from there .
terrible service , waited for over _num_ hours even with a reservation !
what a terrible experience .
we walked in and the place was jumping .
thanks for trying to kill our evening ms sunshine !
this was n't good .
and nothing like other houston 's i 've been to before .
just do n't come to this one .
the greens are even lighter in color and less crunchy .
the fries were disappointing .
$ _num_ for a french dip sandwich is crazy !
the cheapest glass of wine was $ _num_ .
yikes , what is happening to a former favorite restaurant of ours !
on average , i eat at ten restaurants a week .
my overall experience in your restaurant was one star .
this does n't even deserve any further discussion .
it 's obvious how little you care about our wishes .
the filet in my salad was also very salty .
all in all , not worth the price .
disappointing .
wo n't be back .
i made the mistake of ordering the one she suggested .
big mistake .
i left hungry and very cranky .
i came tonight as i do often , there was _num_ of us .
they were horrible .
so disappointing .
houston , we have a problem .
the pork chop is very thick and has a very burnt crust .
the sides were mediocre , a baked potato and mashed potatoes .
they serve soda from a bottle which is ridiculous !
the service was ok not what i expected for the prices .
this was really strange to me .
how hard is it to check in like every other waitress .
bottom line this is not my scene .
i 'm not into a very limited menu with disappointing food .
the food does not justify the price .
all the little things that made this place great are slowly going away .
the cheese bread , the chicken tenders appetizer .
water glasses were more empty than full .
sorry houston 's i wo n't drive across town in the future !
typical scottsdale eatery .
hamburger , pork chop , kale salad and ribs .
it was just ok.
have had better for much , much less money .
first go around with the pork chop plate , the potatoes were cold .
got a replacement and they tried to charge for them .
$ _num_ on the bill .
the ribs were pretty good but at $ _num_ they should have been .
needless to say , we will be shopping around again next year .
a changed experience - but not for the better !
the staff used to be exceptional but now seem indifferent .
disappointed .
however , their selection is weak and their prices are way too high .
the hostess then responded that it will be about a _num_ minute wait .
my sister assumed that they recognized her bc she comes here that often .
when i cut in to the steak i already knew it was bad .
i was wrong !
the steak tasted like beef charcoal .
next thing i knew she flagged our waitress down and told her the situation .
i do not believe that anybody would eat a steak that taste like that !
i did n't have utensils to even take a bite of what they had .
my sister offered a bite so i took one off her fork .
so i sat there eating my plate alone for the next _num_ minutes .
nothing was comped , not even the side seasonal veggies .
they did nothing to make up for it .
we travel , we spend $ $ $ $ on dining out .
it 's too bad ; we 're going to stop coming .
slow to bus tables .
slow on the water refills .
everything is wrong here now .
the food is always delicious , that is one thing they get right .
would 've been nice to know when they gave us the menus .
the grilled artichoke was on point , though .
they said they did n't have one but they could make whatever .
our waitress seemed disinterested and barely checked on us .
the food server said nothing to us and gave us an icy stare .
we spent $ _num_ to have a celebration meal that we very much regretted .
i 've never had a bad experience at either one .
by far the biggest disappointment i 've experienced dinning out .
tonight it was different .
when i got the bill they charged me $ _num_ for it .
i used to dine at this houston 's regularly beginning in about _num_ .
the sushi ( which was n't all that ) went away .
the list goes on ... .
it was a complete dining disaster .
they were not thin , crisp , or even remotely golden in color .
the taste in my mouth was awful .
i could not eat raw fish .
no other complaints except for the `` music '' .
it was my favorite restaurant .
today was a disaster .
there was a very small serving of limp greasy fries .
i would rather spend $ _num_ on a quality burger .
i feel like i walked into a different restaurant .
not sure i am coming back .
this is not the same restaurant that we always loved .
_num_ and 1/2 hour wait on a tuesday !
times change and , sadly , so do our favorite spots in this town .
got to the restaurant and they could not find my order .
now , this small order was $ _num_ and horrible .
my main complaint is this is arizona , folks !
it is _num_ degrees in february today .
wo n't be back until this policy changes .
extremely disappointed .
she never returned to us outside .
apparently if you order water you must state you need ice in it .
all of us felt offended and embarrassed and will never return to this place .
we left and i will never return again .
expensive and bad service .
kids meal not printed .
this was the worst place ever .
poor service .
are you kidding me ?
and do those have a collar like a polo shirt ?
no , just those .
well i wish i knew before driving all the way over here .
we 'll not be back .
i had to take the pants and _num_ shirt out to fold clothes myself .
obviously they do n't value their own merchandise .
no manager in site or i would have made a comment .
poor training , poor customer service , disappointed .
wo n't go back to this location .
very sad news about the whole company closing all the stores .
if i could give zero , i would .
here 's the thing - i always feel rushed , totally rushed .
however , the place is huge and i 've never waited for a table .
if people are hanging out , are n't they spending money ?
if i could give this place no stars , i would !
my girlfriend and i met for breakfast the sat after thanksgiving .
do n't take up too much time .
i will admit , it 's cheap .
i will never step foot inside this place again .
terrible experience all around and the waiter should be fired !
just remember that it 's a cash only joint !
remember , small town feel , big city ?
i know , horrible !
the taco shells were store bought and stale , ugh .
not impressed in the least .
chopped california cobb was a small portion , but good for lunch .
who was the criminal that put the word restaurant to this pile of junk ?
needless to say i 've had just about everything on their menu .
the salad was $ _num_ and looked like an oversized side salad .
why did my food have to be bland and flavorless .
i wish i would have gotten a hamburger instead .
( oh hell no ! )
so i do n't know why that comes up on my phone app .
this is not the case .
she did n't even understand that there needed to be any procedures followed .
worst thing was that they are cash only .
even the old lady behind me was digging for quarters .
ugh ... ... .
it was n't layered slices of corned beef .
the service was _num_ stars .
it always seems busy so tonight we decided to give it a try .
no complaints there .
part of the lasagna was burnt and covered up with sauce ( yuk ) .
the egg salad sandwich was ok.
there is indeed an atm with a $ _num_ charge right by the register .
the atm states there is a $ _num_ fee .
feeling totally ripped off .
bad environment , worse food .
simply awful .
canned , mushy vegetables .
not a fresh ingredient to be found anywhere .
disgusting .
food and service were mediocre at best .
would rather go to breakfast club .
she never check on us and stood behind the counter chatting .
upon receiving my skillet , i took two bites and bit into an onion .
when we say there are no onions in something , there are no onions !
i will not do this again .
consider this your warning ! ''
randy was red in the face and extremely angry .
needless to say , both my mother and i were shocked by this reaction .
the problem i had was with lunch items .
if you go stick to breakfast or be prepared for a lack of taste .
worst customer service experience ever .
i ca n't believe i gave these people a second chance .
cancelled my order , wo n't be back .
walked in at _num_ and they said we would be seen at _num_ .
it was gross .
the place was falling apart .
the pictures from the website obviously were from _num_ or _num_ years before !
the room was clean and the tv worked .
noisy a/c unit below the window .
no closet .
i especially enjoyed the overflowing dirty linen room at the end of the hall .
long wait to check in .
i made a reservation here about a week ago .
i did see one lone maid 's cart but no maid .
finally a young woman came out and approached the desk .
( it was empty remember ?
it 's a motel _num_ .
this place is a dump !
horrible horrible horrible customer service !
this hotel does not meet marriott expectations , even as a budget hotel .
beds hard , rooms clean , but old and needs to be updated .
left after one night for another marriott property .
when i got home the work was n't done .
i would stay really far away from here .
just a poor experience all the way around .
horrible experience with company that does not live up to it 's name .
i used their cleaning service , which left terrible stains on the carpet .
they stated stains caused by pets and washed their hands of me .
unfortunately , i had the worst massage ever .
my greeting tour was to short and could have been more thorough .
like on website .
a .
removing very dark mud .
e. a larger thicker towel is needed to dry off .
p.s .
horrible experience .
artist , tracy , did the application in _num_ mins looked noticeably uneven .
unacceptable treatment with forced opinions onto the bride .
it is not a place to hang out at for very long .
the building is very old and run down .
no sun , no place to lay out , not very relaxing .
it is supposed to take an hour , not _num_ hours .
i would not go back .
she said she would find out for sure and put me on hold .
no problem again .
no problem again !
you could n't even hear the music !
a couple of minutes later , we were called into our room .
after our massages , we went into the steam room .
the pool and jacuzzi did not look very clean either .
i was extremely disappointed .
there was no hot water !
the other $ _num_ was for yoga classes .
services are extremely overpriced .
facilities are outdated and in need of renovations .
spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere !
wrong !
not exactly relaxing .
needless to say , i found the overall experience very disappointing .
i mean , my intention in going there was to relax !
he went this week to get his back waxed prior to going on vacation .
not on a table !
it is my guess that she has n't even been trained on this .
i was about to reschedule when i was found .
quite possibly the worst massage i have gotten in the valley .
worst nail job i 've had in my life .
the actual nail not just the polish .
um ... why would i want to do that ?
all in all -- -i 'm not going back .
worst gel manicure i have ever had .
she destroyed my nails when taking the polish off .
and the next day the polish was literally peeling off .
bad service + bad results = bad review .
the place itself is very dirty .
it seems like they have n't cleaned for about _num_ months .
i 've been getting acrylics filled for the past year at another place .
the place i normally go was busy so i went to tip top instead .
i 've never had a worse acrylic job .
waste of money .
she still did n't speak english .
to a client that just walked in the door .
the staff was incredibly nice but my nails looked so bad !
horrible experience .
they looked like a _num_ year old polished them .
burned my foot .
she was apologetic but it ruined the relaxing point of having this service .
never offered a discount on the service at time or in the future .
this place can not be sanitary .
it was not a pleasant experience at all .
unfair practices here .
why the snobby attitude ?
quite frankly , i felt embarrassed for her .
the place is dirty , messy .
and they charge more than any other place .
worst .
you will be disappointed .
it 's hard to relax when you are constantly being up sold .
: - (
if we could give this negative _num_ stars , we would !
when we tried to order the girl said they did n't have that promotion .
and _num_ minutes was the promise time .
_num_ minutes have now gone by and we still have no pizza .
we tried calling back and nobody would answer the phone .
this place is terrible with deliveries .
carry out - do n't do delivery !
bad experience i wo n't be back .
wings are covered in fat and the hot sauce lacks flavor .
but man are those walls thin .
each time it got worse .
there were no toiletries .
asked front desk for housekeeping and they never came even after two requests .
aaa _num_ stars ?
so why _num_ stars ?
ah , because it 's been consistently below average .
another issue i have had is the pool .
_num_ stars ?
my last trip was below average .
even the landscaping was lame .
very disappointed .
next trip out i 'll stay at fire sky resort .
i have to leave my room and get close to scottsdale road .
the desk was very apologetic .
i will not stay here again .
we stayed there for a week in october .
next time we are visiting az we 'll find another hotel .
the reception staff is slow and not especially friendly .
the rooms are drab .
in a resort , i expect atmosphere and a sense of place .
there was none .
fortunately i did not have anything stolen .
i had prepaid for late check out on arrival .
she did n't even greet me .
terrible staff , terrible location and terrible rooms .
i hope i never set eyes on this place again .
i am sorry to say that this year , it disappoints .
the service is abysmal .
parking is a nightmare .
had a difficult experience .
shuttles promised for transportation were often very late or full .
they would n't do anything about it .
they also did n't have my room available until 4:30 .
the staff was very unhelpful altogether .
he never showed , never called .
so ... that 's pretty rude and disorganized .
however , it has been one let down after another since we got here .
you 're paying for a resort but getting a motel _num_ .
however , all the really important features were nowhere near up to par .
we were very disappointed that we paid so much for soooo very little .
i stayed here over the july 4th weekend for a staycation .
both pools could have been cleaner but were pretty nice .
my room was in rough shape .
i honestly expected a lot better and was let down .
first , this is not a resort .
the room has a terrible smell ( mildew ) .
i made a bad choice please do n't do the same .
stayed in the presidential suite .
boy was i wrong .
wrong !
you guessed it - wrong again .
it took _num_ minutes to get _num_ dirty glasses .
when we complained about the room they offered us $ _num_ .
wrong again .
so the location of our room sucked , but far worse was the service .
the front desk people did not seem to have it together at all .
they said they had n't received it .
no apologies were given .
this is the third time we stayed here and we found bed bugs .
wo n't be coming back .
there 's no coming back from this .
she is _num_ yrs old and i want her around as long as possible !
this saturday morning i called the office to have her medication refilled .
i did n't get a call .
i left there not because of docs but because of their front desk .
i was only needing blood drawn for valley fever test .
they refused and now i am a client of blue cross veterinary .
wasted about _num_ hours with drive time .
no one came to address this situation and i just left .
i was so thankful for their care .
if you think that the client is wrong , refer to rule # _num_ .
plus , they do n't do n't carry contact solution ?
can i give zero stars ?
ok , it 's been six months and prices go up , i understand .
picked out two inexpensive frames and asked for a price with my script .
$ _num_ for the first pair and the second one free .
after calling another store , found out that i was overcharged for the lenses .
it really is n't , and that is terribly condescending .
a disappointing waste of time .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
sorry to kill the buzz of these rave reviews .
storage max has an extremely rude staff , from our experience .
they do not accept credit cards and will only accept checks or cash .
so do not even think of setting up an automatic payment plan .
which never happened in our previous experiences from renting storage units .
the `` relief manager '' is a shady character ( lisa ? )
but the worst was the poor customer service i received .
waiting over _num_ mins in check out line is not acceptable .
large store with variety but i can get that at another location as well .
this one has very poor customer service .
long time at cashier check out given there 's usually just one counter open .
oh my this location is horrible .
there are hardly any toys in stock .
this store just looks like they gave up like yesterday .
still no assistance .
they all look overworked and miserable .
the once fresh coffee is stale and cool .
part of the second floor , i 'm not sure .
the breakfast meals were acceptable , but the buffet was lacking a little bit .
i agree with some of the other reviews .
overall this resort is a disappointment .
i 'm trying really hard not to be harsh .
but this place has so many negatives and so few positives .
this place is horrid for sleeping .
front desk on check in was nothing special .
simply unacceptable on any level .
which is a shame .
but it was not .
it 's pretty outdated .
my bed was comfy but the hotel itself needs an overhaul .
the walls are very thin .
the tv was an old tube style tv !
i ate at the hotel restaurants and was not pleased .
the food is lackluster at best without much variety nor flavor .
the price was expensive and the hotel was cheap .
long walk to room and the bed was not that comfortable .
because they usually charge $ _num_ and it is high season in scottsdale .
got nachos from the outside patio and they were filled with gristle and fat .
not really , this an old hotel with very thin walls .
rooms are outdated .
stayed here for business last week and my reaction is : meh .
nothing special about this scottsdale road property .
however , was given keys to a room with two double beds .
no big deal .
hotel was a virtually empty .
hotel is old , old , old .
television set was ancient and terrible .
lock on the room door was broken .
bed was worn out .
now back to my comment regarding the hotel being virtually empty .
brand new flat screen was recently installed .
i would n't stay here again , unless it was another great deal .
i wish i had read the yelp reviews before booking .
it took another _num_ mins to get them and check-out .
room was small , not much better than a holiday inn express .
staff very unfriendly .
pool area very plain .
would not stay there again .
i am so disappointed in this hilton .
took _num_ minutes to get a glass of wine and hummus plate .
no one offered help .
no front desk service for _num_ mins when i arrived .
def not a _num_ star hotel .
a/c broken , had to request a box fan .
this place is bizarre .
checked in at 9:30 am & they had no rooms available .
seriously .
wish it could be _num_ 1/2 stars .
* super thin walls .
this is a deal breaker for me .
* all the tv channels did n't work .
overall , lots of things seem slightly dated .
the service were very helpful .
at times it was like a window being slammed shut over and over again .
needless to say i was very unhappy .
then she offered to have maintenance come up and `` spray '' the room .
this is so unacceptable !
he refunded me that part , sort things right .
we have stayed here before .
centrally located , standard hilton so figured we could n't go wrong .
when we arrived to the room , there was a significant chemical smell .
but then things really started going down hill .
lastly , the restaurant service is slow .
if i could give this review no stars i would .
this is by far the worst experience i 've ever had .
i would try another hotel next time .
i really expected more , given the area .
i am super disappointed in my stay at this hotel .
if you plan to stay here make sure to check the rooms beforehand !
i booked a _num_ king room .
the tv did not work .
there was no shampoo but two bottles of conditioner .
we could n't wait to get out of this hotel .
hilton , come on , you can do better .
this does n't happen anywhere else in the world .
the place is old and smelly and the pool bar not appetizing !
the rooms are large but nothing special .
i would not stay here again .
the check in process was very nice everyone was very helpful .
it 's bad !
_num_ ) fix the windows so guests can open them .
_num_ stars only because of the good poolside service and food .
what a disappointment !
first of all , do n't call yourself a resort and spa ... .
the property was just very ok .
the service in the restaurant was very mediocre .
the staff along with the manager seemed very confused and/or new .
now for the spa ... this place needs to be shut down .
it is run down , dirty , everything was broken , and so small !
there was mold in the steam room .
the showers looked like they were n't used in a while .
they could n't even afford to have water in the women 's locker room .
i originally gave them _num_ star but i did really like my massage .
the resort was just not what i expected .
not only was i grossly over charged , they argued with me about it .
why is the canned tuna located in the asian section ?
the do n't even carry truffle oil !
that is why they get the one star i 'm offering them .
when they finally arrive , they 're confused and slow .
- the produce is pretty terrible .
but it is unnecessary since there is an aj 's _num_ miles away .
the layout of the store is weird to me .
what a waste of time !
i 'd recommend going there if you were _num_ and above .
the worst customer service !
then she continued to talk to the other employees about hours etc .
i 'm not going to beg you to give to take my money .
i 'm in hr and i 'd fire the whole bunch .
it was so rude .
celebrity cleaners refused to respond to bbb letters .
most unremarkable below average place i could imagine .
really just quite a depressing sort of one notch above denny 's establishment .
the dcor , as a lot of folks have described , is incredibly outdated .
she was at her terminal reading and sending text messages on her phone .
about 10-15 minutes later , chips and salsa came out .
half of the chips were stuck together and under done .
literally , seeds .
for dinner , i ordered a 1/2 slab of the baby back ribs .
horrible !
almost no meat .
they do get some props for the fries , though .
when it came time for the check , once again , server had disappeared .
but tonight 's service experience changed all that .
there is essentially one server waiting on approx .
_num_ tables with c. _num_ persons per table .
chips are stale .
worst meal in arizona .
came for the fish tacos , did not get to eat fish tacos .
came here around 6pm and it was dead .
just your typical ham and turkey on toasted wheat bread .
nothing special .
a few in our party ordered the apple walnut salad .
this was highly disappointing .
guess now it was obvious why we were the only ones in there .
mike called me about _num_ minutes later and said he worked out a solution .
the other _num_ rooms a/c did not work very well .
the suites are a little larger than most suites which was nice .
the overall appearance of the hotel is dated and needs some work .
he said he could not do that .
i asked why he stated his system would not allow him to do so .
interior is dated .
everything appears to be from the _num_ 's and is wood .
this place is gross !
first off the rooms smell , the towels smell and the carpet is filthy !
one of my pillows was dirty and there was a hair on the comforter .
it feels more like a truck stop then a hotel in scottsdale .
could n't wait to leave !
i do n't understand these other reviews , makes me think there fake !
a very disappointing stay all in all .
the toilet is made for a child and runs forever !
we will not be back !
outdated rooms , breakfast was a horror .
this hotel is _num_ years old .
walked into our room and it smelled like smoke .
disgusting and gross .
worst night sleep on our trip to az .
we spent one night and cancelled the rest .
the steaks were terrible , the meat tasted very old .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the internet did not work at all on the 4th floor , either .
the new room felt , and looked , much cleaner .
and there was zero parking .
overall , i was not impressed and would never stay here again .
this place has potential but desperately needs some updating and cleaning .
they offered me a coupon for a free appetizer in the restaurant .
i advised their would not be a next time .
brutal stay away .
ac in room does not work ( _num_ ) .
staff is incompetent .
the day i checked in it was not so horrible .
the front desk attendants seemed to be relatively bored with helping me .
once inside the room i was horribly disappointed by what i saw .
after seeing this i rushed down to the front desk to question the charge .
stayed here for a few nights , was extremely crowded and noisy .
i only got french fries because everything on the menu was really expensive .
honestly i probably would n't stay here again because of the noise .
it is a disaster .
they refuse to close the rooms where the construction is taking place .
except it starts at _num_ ; _num_ am and does n't stop .
this is no go .
the paint smell alone in the rooms added to my headache .
they lost my business .
this hotel is awful .
parking was horrible .
the bathroom offered little privacy .
i would never stay here again .
avoid avoid avoid
overall it was a negative experience .
front desk was clearly a temporary place .
will i choose another embassy suites ?
wifi is crap .
my ice bucket was not cleaned out as it had dried vomit in it .
disgusting .
so far this was a big mistake .
tried _num_ machines last night and let maintenance know .
i just changed this from a _num_ star to a _num_ .
calling maintenance .
the waitress totally screwed up my order .
i ordered chicken fried steak , and got breaded chicken with mushroom sauce .
lost _num_ pounds in _num_ days , and took _num_ week to cure .
we walked out .
not to mention , the food looked over priced for what is was .
horrible service and greasy food .
no one waited on us until we had been sitting for _num_ minutes .
bread on sandwich stale .
extremely long wait for food and not prepared right .
service was lacking !
greasy food in a neat atmosphere .
so disappointing .
the hot dog bun was cooked to the point of being super crunchy ugh !
as for the chicken nuggets ... way overdone and not tasty at all .
we all ate about half our food and left the rest for the trash .
the only reason it even earned _num_ stars is for the atmosphere and nostalgia .
stopped for breakfast after picking someone up at the airport .
wo n't go back again .
no one even acknowledged us .
wo n't be back .
but i suppose it was too dark for the new owners liking .
cheaper options and less flavorful foods .
but i want this _num_ star back !
it was gross and the rest room was even worse .
the place was far from busy and most other patrons were already eating .
we did not want to start a panic and said nothing .
food is awful , place filled with flies .
them at all .
one of the worst restaurants in scottsdale .
the turkey was processed , not cooked today .
knowing this was a casual cheap diner , we did n't expect _num_ stars .
service was not the best the eggs were dry and sausage was not good .
was i received was burnt onion rings and bland chips .
my waitresses did not seem genuine even though she said the right things .
first , the seating is not very comfortable .
the scrambled eggs were okay but not served hot .
the sausage was tasteless .
i was so disappointed with my visit today at this diner .
i ordered the wedge salad and my daughter ordered the kids chicken nuggets .
the food came out so quickly , i even commented how fast it was .
she said the nugget was cold .
i could n't believe it .
_num_ mins went by and no one even acknowledged us .
no flavor .
very bland !
the seasoned chips had no seasoning flavor or even salt that we could taste .
husband had a malt that really had very little malt taste .
the bill showed chocolate shake with _num_ cents of malt added .
i 'm assuming that was one scoop of malt due to lack of flavor .
husband said he 'll give them another shot for breakfast .
but i will not be back after last time .
i will not go back there !
when he finished i could n't believe it .
maybe mark was having a bad day .
as for me , i 'm through .
very disappointed !
same horrible treatment .
the staff is rude .
thanks , but no thanks .
oh my gosh , this place is horrible .
the staff is really rude and they 're all little teenagers !
one time she yelled at me for no reason .
she literally called me a big fat jerk .
i 'm dead serious .
i went to the gym and it stunk like dirty little feet and sweat .
she was n't even wearing any shorts .
it has a really bad kids and staff and this place reeked so bad !
i have not found a single thing of use at this store .
or if i 'm feeling trendy , h & m .
under normal circumstances , i 'm a really big fan of ross .
these , however , are not normal circumstances .
what product they do have is n't really that well maintained , either .
not here .
i get it ... things get shopped .
i am so disappointed !
wo n't return to this location .
this is a very picked over ross .
shelves empty mid week with no one in store .
their prices are ridiculous and they do n't even have very good staff .
waste of time , energy and money .
never , ever , ever again .
that 's just a poor customer service decision , folks .
as business owners , you should know that .
but i will now : your coffee tastes like shit .
so , no more $ _num_ chef salads .
no more $ _num_ croissants .
i will save my money for an establishment that treats me like a person .
are you kidding me ?
i would n't spend a nickel here .
rude rude rude .
but , that did n't happen to me.
my mocha was gritty and disgusting .
probably from using low quality chocolate ( maybe even chocolate powder !
the food is ok but they take _num_ minutes for stuff to be out .
this is customer torture .
never ever going back .
i could tell it was an older couple who ran the place .
at first everything was good , my latte was alright , nothing special .
we waited maybe _num_ minutes for our sandwiches and salads .
i 've had things thrown in bags and never a thank you .
i 've waiting _num_ minutes for soup with nobody in the place .
the service is outrageously bad .
huge waste of time , if you are looking for a speedy lunch .
ordered a crab salad sandwich and then proceeded to wait for _num_ minutes .
when my table 's food arrived , i had no sandwich .
if i could give a zero rating i would .
i got a turkey sandwich with avocado and a side salad .
ca n't wait for the new starbucks to open in this area .
thank god they opened a lowe 's by me .
i doubt you 'll ever find me in a hd again .
this location sucks .
difficult to find help in any department .
selection is poor .
needless to say , we left .
i probably spent _num_ grand here to do everything myself .
i did n't find it funny at all .
totally incompetent employees .
well , they do n't seem to care .
thanks home depot for nothing !
lousy lousy lousy service .
we called a plumber and will get this installed next week .
the odd thing is the employee did n't even care .
so sad to see such bad service .
home depot never again !
they did incorrect measurements , wrong cuts , & installed defective cracked granite .
i am in shock over the poor customer service levels .
very disappointed as one would think home depot would be a go to place .
worst home depot i 've ever been to .
this experience has absolutely ruined home depot for us .
over _num_ min later no one showed up .
major frustration dealing with the kitchen department !
this place still stinks for help .
there was a lighting guy literally _num_ feet away .
very disappointed in this location and their deceptive sales practices .
horrible customer service all the way around .
just had the worst experience at this station .
i accidentally hit the debit card button instead of credit .
when i told her that i made a mistake she just looked at me .
she then gave me attitude about being on my phone .
in any case i walked out of there choosing to spend my money elsewhere .
prices are often way too high !
i was approached by erin at this gas station to have my windshield repaired .
i waited -- no show , no call .
no call back after about an hour .
after i had already spent four hours of my day waiting on these people !
no thanks .
their gas is way overpriced , too .
i used to go in 4-5 times a week for a _num_ oz .
he said that would be _num_ cents more .
his tone and attitude was horrible .
maybe she had a bad day .
even the other manager agreed she is terrible .
if that 's the case , why is she still there ?
that was around noon on dec 30th .
not once not twice 4/5 times ?
no one ever reached out to myself from your company ?
paid for the same propane over and over ?
then call to inform office and then met with very rude and unhappy person ?
very unprofessional and we do not recommend .
do not waste your money on a groupon with this company .
not me !
seriously ?
your rude email .
i i could post the entire email i would .
disappointed with honesty and they overcharge some .
worst experience ever !
worst experience ever !
that 's just too much in this day in age .
it makes no sense to pay so much .
two of the three were terrible .
i really think that is way overpriced .
too bad .
i 've stopped by here once after i got done grocery shopping .
not even close .
nothing is custom made .
from all the reviews i tried a half chicken salad and a half hoagie .
the chicken salad was chicken , celery , and mayo .
no lettuce , no tomato , no pickles or peppers of any kind .
the prices are inexpensive , but it 's no wonder .
the food is nothing special , i will not be back .
i will not go back .
the place is very dirty and not at all inviting .
the salads and rice pudding looked disgusting .
not a good place to go for fresh food .
they operate the same way as subway except subway employees wear gloves .
disgusting , disgusting , disgusting !
ordered an italian beef they put the beef into the microwave for _num_ minutes ?
obviously not authentic at all i definitely will not be back .
beware do n't order hot subs unless you like microwaved food .
my date insisted i post his review .
the wrapping was poor at best .
it was much too hard and pretty much ruined my day .
my fiance 's work gave him two sets of regal movie tickets .
we saw a _num_ movie and it was all old folks .
the actual theater was even worse .
i consider a `` new school '' theater to be one with stadium seating .
it actually might have been worse than a regular `` old school '' theater .
if we had n't had free passes , we would have left .
nothing special about the theater itself .
i was really disappointed and embarrassed for my client .
found myself saying i 'm sorry over and over again .
i guess that 's why the place is completely dead .
place is worn , and tired .
like staying at a days inn or similar .
upgrade to seasoned fries for an additional charge . ''
served with a side of balsamic vinaigrette .
i ordered the veggie burger with no cheese and a side of fruit .
my husband ordered the same with cheddar cheese and fries .
there was no tomato on the burger .
the bathroom was also dirty , which never speaks well for the kitchen .
i wo n't be back to this restaurant .
the service was slow even though the restaurant was nearly empty .
overall disappointing experience .
we made the wrong decision and ignored the group and sat down .
after another _num_ minutes , our drinks finally arrived and she took our order .
she never apologized , and acted like it was n't a big deal .
i had to stop another waiter to get us water .
every time i 've been to this denny 's the service is horrible .
ran into a rude host .
have us a hard time and ugly looks because we wanted a booth .
the table next to us waited 20+ minutes just for a side salad .
when it arrived it was a bit of a let down .
the eggs benedict were mushy .
it did n't help that the skillet they served it in was ice cold !
nothing was substantial , other than the rudeness of my fellow diners .
not even flip flops !
the hell ?
i mean the worst !
coffee was terrible , typical truck stop stuff .
the chicken was tough and chewy , must have been left overs from yesterday .
so he came back with me - his 2nd time this week .
service is average , food is n't good .
but bonus for outdoor seating .
i thought the good egg was mediocre .
the brie was really thin and sparse and the veggies were definitely not fresh .
i got a veggie omelet that was supposed to include broccoli among other vegetables .
i found it to be a waste of time , money , and calories .
no go .
waited _num_ minutes for a table .
waited another _num_ minutes for our order to come out and it was wrong .
she had not been told anything .
horrible service .
i will avoid in the future .
it was not what i anticipated but ok .
over _num_ dollars for two adults .
super disappointed .
oh , i know , matt 's big breakfast !
i mean , they only have to be `` good '' .
unfortunately , they suck .
the thing is ... it 's not even cheap .
both times i was really disappointed .
first of all the eggs were not poached .
someone was n't watching the pot !
the potatoes looked like the diced , frozen type which were just warmed up .
is n't steak and eggs on the mt .
uncle says no sweat , just put it in some ice .
the good egg should really change its name to the `` mediocre egg . ''
when i am disappointed every single time .
the restaurant has been there forever , and it shows in the tired decor .
the skillet came out , and it just looked sad !
raw onions with breakfast ?
not the way i want to start the day !
my biggest complaint , is the lack of cheese .
no trying to spread cold butter on hot toast !
went with boyfriend before golfing and was really disappointed in this place .
server was friendly but slow and messed up both orders .
of course my plate w covered in pico & no tomatoes .
my rye toast was good & ryan 's fruit and cottage cheese were fresh .
this was by far the worst breakfast experience we have ever had .
when we arrived , we chose to sit outside .
never even opened the menus .
then , it gets worse .
3x for eggs benedict and still wrong .
place was half empty but they were not seating anyone .
she was equally rude to the folks in front of us .
we turned and walked out .
terrible service .
just left after waiting _num_ min to get utensils and water .
the restaurant was n't even busy and i find this unacceptable for lunch hour .
went with group of _num_ and _num_ got sick , me for _num_ days .
i could n't even find an omelet i wanted on the new one .
it was disappointing .
the ham was extremely dry and the potatoes over cooked .
unfortunately , her bacon was more dried out than my ham .
her hot chocolate tasted like swiss miss with water .
customer service was not high on her priority list ... at least not today .
instead stands by the register talking to other servers .
it was n't the first time either .
the flavor is n't quite there like it used to be .
why did they remove the egg paintings !
this may be the most disappointing portion of the changes .
so disappointing .
i have not been able eat here since _num_ .
just realized they have changed management or something .
but the food was no bueno !
i rented a bike for a week and rode in sedona .
do not rent a bike here if you are from out of town .
it is another strip mall - and a very subpar one at that .
no real stores of interest .
i really do n't get this place .
_num_ - variety .
no way !
$ _num_ per person ( with drink ) is not reasonable .
bottom line , do n't go here .
even if grandma wants to go and she 's paying , just say no .
they were even willing to refill your drinks for you .
but that 's no reason to go there again .
i was disappointed .
dressings were thin and not very tasty .
and even the soups were not very hearty or tasty .
better salads and better prices .
it 's boring .
too many other good places to go with much better service .
it was 4:30 pm and they have this special until 5pm during the week .
if that is not a senior , i do n't know what is .
we will be looking for another restaurant and not going here very often .
this restaurant is not run well .
the salad had wilted leaves and there was jello all over the floor .
again with the rude service at the cashier stand .
i am not asking for black tie , fine dining customer service .
common sense and general friendliness would have been nice .
let there be zero flavor ! ''
so disappointing !
poor quality food even for a buffet style .
but i do n't see ever going to another one .
caution : only come here if you want your hair washed !
i requested a wash , trim , and blowout .
i am traveling and needed a haircut so stopped by here .
came out with the worst haircut of my life .
it sticks straight out in places as it is cut too short .
if you are feeling brave , you might want to pay with cash .
the worst service ever .
sucks is the word .
worst experience ever !
hall of frames stinks .
so yelp has removed it twice .
_num_ % of the cuts on their frames are very sloppy .
this event cost them a long time customer .
another response might have been , `` i 'm sorry for the inconvenience .
i realize you 've spent your time and money driving here .
with these guys , their errors are your fault .
i can walk over , get some cheap beer , and walk home .
very dark and kind of boring with one descent tv .
plus no beer on tap kind of stinks .
so i order a fat tire one of my favorites .
guaranteed to have a better time than going to this crap hole .
hands down one of the worst bars i 've been to .
too bad because it could be fun ... i guess they hate making money .
least knowledgeable bartender i 've ever encountered .
for $ _num_ a seat this is not acceptable .
the high prices are however another outrageous factor .
i 'm not going to this safeway again .
i just had one of the worst grocery shopping experiences of my life here .
this is the closest & most convenient grocery store to my house .
my bill was only $ _num_ .
so , reluctantly i did exactly that .
i live _num_ minutes away so i was back within _num_ min .
it was like he was half asleep and had no reaction at all .
i drove up the street to albertsons right after and purchased the same groceries .
very disappointing experience .
horrible .
i spent well over _num_ and had to bag my own .
you guys apparently do n't take it .
that 's unfortunate .
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
when asked if they could call the manager they looked at me confused .
this is extremely unprofessional and is an inconvenience .
extremely unfriendly staff .
set your standards low so you 're not disappointed .
do n't make the mistake we did !
you be the judge , is it not a simple layout ?
well what do you do when you have a terrible experience with a company ?
never give them business again , and post negative reviews every chance you get .
i was _num_ years old at the time .
worst pizza i every had !
i think this was one of my worst experiences in an eatery so far .
i went to ray 's pizza after reading the reviews on this website .
and she did n't care .
how rude is that ?
i mean , have you ever seen such bad customer service anywhere ?
just plain rude !
later we got called at the counter to get our pizzas .
i am glad we sampled before embarrassing me at a pizza party .
bad food and bad customer service does n't have room in the restaurant business .
terrible pizza !
very disappointed !
talk about horrible customer service .
their pizza was horrible and drenched in grease .
it took _num_ paper towels to get some off it off .
this place is the worst place i 've ever been too .
i would take peter piper pizza over this crap .
it 's by the slice so you get 2-3 hour old stuff .
i sent it back and showed the lady at the counter the mold .
i threw the salad away and left .
just ordered crispy , came out gross and fatty , undercooked .
she did not even seem to care , what customer service !
i then drove to the other one , already upset .
it 's impersonal , she gives you a number to remember .
not cool !
in scottsdale arizona this morning .
i said `` excuse me , could i ask for your help ?
she responded by rolling her eyes at me and asking for the item description .
jen simply offered an `` i 'm sorry '' about the associate 's behavior .
i doubt i will be back to this location anytime soon .
first , let me state the obvious : custom framing is not cheap .
i politely responded , `` i 'm sorry , but no one called . ''
it does n't end there .
framing manager : `` we never cut artwork here .
this also continued for a few more rounds .
worst customer service experience i 've had in a long time .
what drives me crazy about the store is the staff .
horrible !
it was over _num_ days when i took it back .
big mistake !
three days and $ _num_ .
super lame !
terrible customer service .
i left and bought a couch at arizona leather instead .
it is obvious that they are paid on commission .
they are greedy !
the product was brand new and she had no information to provide .
she tried to rush us through the sale .
i have never been so annoyed .
i told her directly we are not buying anything else and stop pushing .
these people are so greedy .
unfortunately there is not a large selection of modern furniture in phoenix .
if i ever go back i will not give her my business .
do not let these people force you to buy !
phone calls were never returned , even to the manager .
they absolutely have no customer service .
do n't give this company your money .
th sales pressure by the staff is too much .
we brought it to their attention and the staff and management did n't care .
they attempted to repair the damage , albeit very poorly upon the return .
unfortunately the furniture did not perform as promised .
i would not buy from them and do n't recommend it for others .
so standing i remained with _num_ bags if groceries .
changed hands in _num_ and promptly went out of business on poor new ownership .
the music is loud , but the crowd does n't seem to care .
personally i find this bar cheesy .
no problem with that .
the human race has jumped the shark .
are they really that offended by toes ?
it has continually gotten worse over the last year .
the dj is terrible , the crowd has changed .
i understand they recently lost their food license .
will not be back , esp .
what i really do n't understand is the dj .
the dj sucked !
it was awful !
the dj who we were told was his first night was awful !
i dragged my husband out to the empty floor anyway .
we had crab cakes , chicken wings , calamari rings and french fries .
drinks in plastic cups ( super classy ) and no room to move .
and they charge you $ _num_ to experience this nightmare .
it was not classy .
poor daddy was left outside , purse and all , looking like a fool .
i sadly left and do n't know the outcome of this ... .
the drinks are weak .
get my point ?
devil 's north is worthless .
the patrons here are laughable .
no one was on the dance floor .
the service is average , nothing to write home about .
the all white decor was a little much .
a wan na be vegas or miami look .
i hate stores like this !
ordered several pieces of furniture including a very expensive bed .
i refused the bed as i was presented with this option .
it was a shopping experience much below our expectations of j crew .
_num_ ) we bought _num_ items .
apparently the discount did not apply to the item in question .
are you kidding me ?
disgusting !
this place is the most pretentious , over priced place i 've ever been !
horrible , horrible , horrible and what do you do ?
not impressed on first contact .
i walked out .
no stars for this establishment .
, so they actually cost _num_ bucks a pop .
$ _num_ bucks ( i usually pay $ _num_ ) .
worst dry cleaners i have ever been to !
horrible experience not to mention the staff is not friendly !
avoid this place !
i would not advise getting your dry cleaning done here .
they actually gave me someone else 's shirt and lost mine .
seven days and no one called back including owner .
i am still looking for my shirt that they lost .
rip off artists .
your literally paying _num_ % more for no reason .
that is unbelievable !
it had _num_ stains on it that i had pre treated with organic products .
i explained this the sales associate and it was noted on my account .
if i could rate them zero stars i would .
i was upfront in stating i created the water rings .
the associate then left and got the owner .
front office staff is the reason why i 'm changing doctors .
front office staff has been the deciding factor for me in this choice .
i wish i could say it was the doctor but it was n't .
doctors are good but office staff is very lacking .
she is the worst doctor that we have ever encountered .
omg does n't the patient 's comfort come first ?
no privacy !
no feelings !
just called to try to make a new patient appointment .
i just want an appointment .
oh , and she never called me back .
i 've seen two doctors at this practice , both worst medical experience ever .
i will not be back .
both doctors were arrogant and impersonal .
both made me feel like my concerns were n't important .
worst medical practice ever .
office staff is rude and inattentive .
the asian girl has never been a nice person .
not a typing error .
but they do n't care , they do n't have to pay it .
the idiots do n't even know how to read a schedule .
they are not a good company compared to before they were bought out .
very disappointed .
unfortunately i can not honestly give shane co a good review .
they told him it was no problem made sure it was available .
its obvious that they do n't care about the diamond ring .
the young inexperienced kids they hire have ruined the jewelry buying experience for us .
instead it 's been a very negative experience .
i hate dealing with the shane company kids .
we got better customer service at the mall jewelry stores we looked at .
staff are stuck up and to busy to help you .
i left _num_ $ cash with matt at shane co .
i 'm on _num_ emails to him and no money yet .
so i guess their only nice if you buy the ring .
send me my money back !
went in on a tuesday morning at 10:30 to get my ring repaired .
walked around for a while .
the next associate came out with _num_ diamonds to look at .
i will not return to shane co .
i was a little insulted honestly and was done .
inquired about fixing my wedding ring as i had a diamond baguette fall off .
maybe thats why i have such an issue .
i ca n't even tell you how many times because the stones fall out .
what kind of crap is that ?
is this how shane co. gets you to spend more money ?
to upgrade your band , you have to spend double your original price .
is n't that false advertising ?
i was n't impressed with shane co at all .
when i say _num_ , i mean zero .
did n't seem to care .
i 'm sure she may just need more or better training .
in the end , i doubt i will ever be back .
horrible customer service !
we just had the absolute worst experience at shane co .
but do n't worry ladies and gentlemen , they do n't work on commission .
do not rent a room here .
my niece was here and rented a room for the location .
the furniture in the lobby is disgusting and dirty .
i am embarrassed that this hotel is in scottsdale .
this is not one of those hotels .
i went for the first time friday after work .
i was there from 5-7 and i paid _num_ total .
i 'm not happy w/ the service or the outcome .
not only that but she rudely told me in a non friendly way .
i do n't recommend coming here unless you want to be yelled at .
i 'm not setting foot in that spot again .
shame on north scottsdale family medicine !
the nursing staff at this doctors office are incredibly mean .
my suggestion would be that you do the same and avoid this place .
of course the office manager never called me back to discuss it .
when he calls the md office , no one calls him back either .
we are not hard on furniture .
it 's for sitting on and watching tv .
the delivery charges did n't justify the expense .
these people are incompetent .
these people are clueless .
i hate that i even had to provide one star .
if you choose to go with them it 's your own fault .
no one else .
i would never use this company again .
this has nothing to do with the techs at all .
they are lazy over there and do n't know how to do their job .
chances are it is a covered lab and it was billed incorrectly .
horrible customer service .
i proceeded to leave two messages over the course of the next couple weeks .
i did not receive one call back .
i called the salon several more times with no luck .
beware because groupons are usually for the worst salons around .
i do n't return to salons where my nails chip too soon .
however , she does have several gel colors to choose from .
absolutely dreadful food and some of the worst service i have ever experienced .
when we finally did get our food , it was bland and uninspired .
started with the wings , they were overcooked and too chewy .
it was inedible , we sent it back .
we had to argue for about _num_ min to get it off .
i really expected soooo much more from this place .
drinks were ok , thought it was pretty weak , imho .
i had _num_ cocktails and did n't so much as have a buzz .
the food ( if you want to call it that ) is atrocious .
we had the bbq pork sliders , hamburger sliders , nachos and buffalo wings .
it was like eating boiled , pulled pork that was completely tasteless .
wow , i was disappointed .
they totally changed out the menu selection .
tgi friday have more selection then them .
i ordered a kobe beef slider and i did n't care for it .
also , only little amount of fries came with it .
plus the service was slow .
the whole restaurant seems to be empty .
there was a live band performing but hardly anyone was there .
many of the reviews were written before the menu changed .
i 've been going for years and the food quality has gone down hill .
they 're not all bad .
fox sports grill a year ago would have gotten 4-5 stars .
now the worst part .
i 'm not buying it .
loaded nachos are not good .
cheap beef and cheap processed cheese sauce .
bad service and worse food .
everything is way over priced and disgusting .
very poor service .
had to wait _num_ mins before the waitress came over .
it is too bad because the ambiance and viewing options are great .
there were disney movies on the cart with the tv on it .
i myself do n't consider disney an educational movie but everyone has different opinions .
i was really disappointed with the tv time being part of the daily routine .
any major damage though , they did pay for .
they never get back to me .
i have a list of more than _num_ items that they did wrong .
we ultimately chose california pools because of their salesman .
california pools was a bust .
i said ok i have another pool company coming in _num_ hr or so .
so i called the other company and pushed them back an hr .
he stated that he has another apt in a couple hrs .
well guess what _num_ 1/2 hrs later he still a no show .
this customer service sucks .
she did not return my call after _num_ days .
again no return phone call .
i tried a 3rd time , and again no return phone call .
very disappointed in these guys service .
yes !
overall , this was by far the worst experience i have encountered .
from day one onsite at my house it was a nightmare .
this had to be rescheduled , after i took a day off from work .
they left a mud stream in the street curb .
this company has no regard for the neighbors of their client .
very poor form , california pools & landscape .
i 'm not a customer , nor have i dealt with this company personally .
worst experience here , felt very unprofessional and the rudest staff .
would not recommend this business .
would not recommend this company .
the rep came out to give us a quote on a pool .
_num_ weeks went by and we heard nothing .
she said she would have someone call us .
we have had a bad experience with california pools on our pool build .
going on _num_ weeks for a basic play pool ?
after not hearing from him for almost a week , i decided to call .
i 'm still waiting for that call back .
i guess that ca pools does n't need new customers !
i 've never been so frustrated or disappointed in a company before .
what a mistake .
our designer , dj , was the first issue .
his design skills were good but his follow up was awful .
better communication from there but still not to par .
we were scheduled to complete march _num_ .
they finished july _num_ .
they also had to come out for repairs _num_ times .
not kidding .
cal pools was one of our worst decisions we 've made .
disgusting place , poor attitudes , parking the worse !
warning do not go to this location .
wasted money and time , if i could give no stars i would .
thanks terrible clips .
overall , i 'd say it was decent .
not great , not good , but not terrible .
mongolian beef was tasty but the sides did nothing for me .
not a terrible experience but not exactly a good one either .
the food was so burned we could not eat it .
the rice looked like char !
so gross .
and the soup ... i didnt know you could burn soup !
worst service ever .
how rude .
beware this place has bad food and terrible customer service .
although delivery was prompt and driver pleasant the food in taste was poor .
the egg rolls were extremely doughy and bland .
such thick dough i did n't finish even one .
could n't put enough sauces to add flavor .
very disappointed .
avoid this place .
too many other chinese places in area to choose from .
it looked nasty .
it was a bland taste of who knows what .
i asked for white rice to accompany my meal , the rice was cold .
i could have gone have lunch at benihana for a dollar more .
i ended up throwing my meal away and driving to taco bell to eat .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the absolute worst chinese place i 've ever been to .
and i 'm from boston and nyc and have been to hong kong .
the chicken wings were inedible .
just wings fried .
so disgusting .
the fried rice was even worse .
this time it was awful .
the chicken was dry .
the fried rice had no flavor .
you need to take chance in this restaurant .
second time , just ok .
third time , awful .
no more try .
all were okay but nothing really stood out .
i ordered kung pao beef and vegetable chow mein .
felt like something was missing in the flavor .
worst chinese food i 've ever had .
hoping it would be good , it was disgusting !
so disappointed .
i was so excited for chinese food , _num_ $ down the drain .
it was all lacking in flavor for us .
the customer service is awful .
they did not return my calls .
awful customer service !
was told my table would be delivered in one week max , probably sooner .
no apologies .
would n't accommodate my schedule .
said they 'd call me back , they have n't .
they seemed entirely overwhelmed by our large group .
not my idea of a resort .
it was almost laughable .
by far the worst i have ever attended .
the food was awful !
beef jerky instead of roast beef au jus .
the chicken must have been boiled - flavorless and bland .
the vegetables were undercooked and hard .
what a total mess of a resort .
toilet flush handle pulled out of tank and could not use toilet .
very loud and disturbing !
resort did n't offer to move us to a room without these issues .
place is very run down .
no room service .
barely a restaurant .
no activities at resort .
please do n't stay this resort .
it is a total hole .
no room service no spa .
uncomfortable .
when you show zero interest you 'll be asked again .
do n't waste time or money here .
did not stay at hotel , just golf .
the property is depressing .
the room was a _num_ min walk from the car .
with bags we really did need the golf cart of the bell service .
it was just dull and depressing .
rooms are nice , hence the only reason they get _num_ stars .
i do not know why we come back here .
this place is a joke and poorly managed .
there was not a soul in site .
complained to the pro in the clubhouse and he could n't have cared less .
the course is in terrible shape .
not a good value at all .
that 's too bad because it is s fun track .
i would not recommend .
front desk and outside staff were friendly .
so disappointed we are the first group off in the morning .
( we were not playing too fast the group behind was right on us !
i have been here plenty of times before and never had that problem .
how special they gave me a _num_ hole rain check .
so i spent $ _num_ on a voucher i ca n't use .
guess what , that 's an additional $ _num_ .
not a smile or any level of friendliness when i walked in .
really bummed because the place was clean and a convenient location .
she did three layers of gel color and three layers of clear gel !
the nails are uneven and shaped horribly .
in the end this full set acrylic with classic pedicure was $ _num_ !
do not go to this salon !
she informed me she had no time and that id have to come back .
she went to go ask , it 's _num_ for a polish change .
but it was n't , & the time i did have was completely rushed .
they have lost a customer .
seriously shame on you guys for handling it the way you did .
i 'm embarrassed to be apart of the same industry .
just had breakfast there by going thru the drive through .
skip this location and go to the next closest on shea blvd .
the employees here are so rude .
i went in last saturday with my husband and they got my order wrong .
it was pretty bland .
want to eat a lot of so-so sushi ?
not me , i 'm trying elsewhere .
ew .
-- bland , gooey , overcooked , or undercooked .
go hiro !
dh & i went to benihana on friday night .
one of the worst dining experiences i 've ever had !
the service was also bad .
would not go back .
wo n't go back .
not even the finest sushi chef in the valley could save you , benihana !
shame on you !
did n't even make it past the hostess nazi .
-- _num_ empty tables filled with dirty dishes !
@ hiro : let me know where you end up next .
had our drinks refilled , then finally the chef showed up .
he was sarcastic and condescending during the entire preparation .
we go often and this time was the worst .
the service was aweful and i had my _num_ year olds free birthday coupon .
but that is not written on the coupon .
the waitress was so rude !
no thank you ... left .
asks for our drink order ; just waters .
_num_ min later , we get them .
does n't get my boyfriend 's order .
did n't get drink refills at all .
it was the worst experience ever !
usually , i order the hand rolls and an assortment of appetizers or sashimi .
the soup was pretty tasty but the salad was drenched in dressing .
nasty !
wo n't go back .
not me .
crap !
on arrival , as usual , there are _num_ people waiting to be seated .
not surprisingly there is no one sitting at the sushi bar .
they 're already wearing rubber gloves .
yeah , fried rice 's egg must be added at the last moment .
@ hiro : let me know where you end up next .
everyone on the table was hungry and was complaining .
soup and salad were delivered at the same time .
yuk ; save your money and go elsewhere !
the food was okay , but the timing sucked !
horrible experience at this place .
there should be no exception of talking bad about your coworkers to customers especially .
i am sure they did n't and i wont be back .
pitiful .
this place is not for foodies .
the certificate does not clearly state that _num_ meals need to be purchased .
so frustrating .
horrible , slow service .
but i just could n't let it go this time .
the birthday certificate used to be way better .
must be a horrible place to work with tons of turnover i bet .
oh and they served a _num_ yr old alcohol .
the service was painfully slow from this point on .
everything tasted the exact same and was so , so plain .
the only `` trick '' they do is an onion train thing .
there are better , locally owned teppanyaki restaurants in town .
i really wish there were more teppanyaki choices in n. scottsdale .
`` is that going to get added to my bill ?
this is a no no no no no x _num_ for me .
bad service .
dirty place .
you had to talk to _num_ people to get that done .
waiters standing talking and having fun but not working .
very pricey and not much food for your money .
wo n't go here again .
if i could rate a _num_ i would .
the sushi rolls were bland and flavorless .
please dont waste your money , there are better options .
he said it was only good for a 2nd entree .
and i was here on a wednesday night at _num_ o'clock .
i 've never had a bad experience at any benihana in illinois .
did n't even give us a bowl of birthday ice cream .
i was super disappointed .
i 'll never go back to this benihana again .
no apology & not accurate .
i am posting april 's response , so you can judge for yourself .
walked in and waited with others as the host talked on the phone .
then a another ten minutes before food orders were taken .
i 've enjoyed other locations but this was pathetic .
unfortunately this will be my last visit to benihana .
at _num_ minutes we got up and walked out .
horrible experience .
then we waited another _num_ minutes before he took our order .
meanwhile tables that were seated after us were getting served .
i recently dined at benihana for my birthday celebration .
if zero stars was an option , i 'd go with that .
this is my second attempt here .
tonight ?
one waitress for about _num_ tables made the `` express lunch '' super slow .
what a shame , benihana !
the server was very attentive and the soup and salad came out promptly .
the sushi rolls were delicious and did n't take too long .
but i ordered a spicy hibachi chicken dish , which was frankly awful .
so disappointing .
hostess was very rude and unwelcoming .
i 've never been so frustrated with a hostess in my life !
not to mention , the service and atmosphere was lacking for the price .
even when i did , he did n't seem to understand greek .
the french fries were good , but that is not so hard to do .
this visit was not like the others .
gave less food than before .
i used to like this place but enough is enough and never again .
just not an entire spice rack full .
the tomatoes were soggy and the pita bread was a little dry .
do n't think i 'll be going back .
needless to say i wo n't be going back to this place .
also ordered the spinach cakes from the app menu .
also for $ _num_ i expected much more than two small pieces .
i work close to here and will never go in again .
had a bad lunch .
the soup was too thick and salty .
the chicken kabob was tough .
it was overcooked .
i saw a cook i never seen before .
ill take a break for awhile .
too inconsistent .
this is how people get sick .
very disappointed .
decor is pretty dated and the whole place could use cleaning .
just not very appetizing .
the first time i ate my breakfast there and it was pretty decent .
the food was dripping in grease .
not sure what that was all about but i was so disappointed .
should be called the bad egg .
we sat for _num_ minutes before we saw our waitress again .
the cook obviously did n't try my potatoes .
the bad egg is a joke .
all five of us were completely let down by what was delivered .
not so .
cesar g said the food is plain , bland .
unfortunately , basic scrambled eggs proved to be a challenge .
the buttermilk pancakes are also a fail .
sorry good egg , you just are not that good .
how long does it really take to cook eggs ?
needless to say their service was very slow .
this is about _num_ steps up from ihop .
there was nothing good about my experience .
my one star rating is more then they deserve !
terrible experience , the good egg was bought out by first watch .
they cut portions way down and kept prices up .
took _num_ minutes to get our order and the place was nearly empty .
when the food came it was cold .
not going to this chain ever again !
my server came over to apologize for the delay that i had n't noticed .
the hollandaise was hardly there , another detail i can get over .
the poached egg had fallen off , okay again not a big deal .
also , everything was cold .
the tomatoes were not ripe , and the brown core was in the tomato .
not one of these four chairs were delivered to our home today .
how did these chairs ( especially the fourth one ) even leave the warehouse ?
very disappointed by this company .
still waiting _num_ months later for custom pillows .
no follow up during the process .
ordered pillows in february and they are still mia april 30th .
requested ( at this point ) to cancel the order .
was told i would lose my down payment of _num_ % .
tiffany prices with dollar store execution .
would not work with them again .
keep in mind there was an $ _num_ delivery fee .
the condition of the furniture was completely unacceptable .
i am just looking for you to make this horrible experience right .
it was like a dressed up gas station bathroom .
the garbage can next to our table was full and was dirty .
i was really excited to try this place today .
sadly , the food blows .
there 's a rat in me kitchen what am i gon na do ?
i 'm gon na fix that rat .
none of us ate more than 1/2 our bowls .
when we stepped in , i was excited .
it looked like our kinda place .
no , dear .
and fix your hat , it looks ridiculous like that .
all in all , no one was nice here .
but it 's not , so it pretty much sucks .
my poor little princess - she has been throwing up since 5am .
big mistake !
sick .
disgusting ... ... ... .
this place over charges and the food was not that great .
it was not authentic and very americanized chinese .
overall , the experience was highly disappointing .
i have no need to ever go back , late-night or otherwise .
just not a fan of chop and wok .
so tried this place twice on my trip to scottsdale .
they have a large selection of beers , and very attentive staff .
the beef was overcooked and there was not enough sauce .
if i can find and entree i like i would bump it a star .
_num_ bites was _num_ too many .
sad part is the chicken tasted like it was still frozen .
i hate to give it _num_ stars but that was some bad chinese food .
however , i 've kinda given up on this place .
but as i said , i 've given up on this place .
my husband & i have been meaning to try chop and wok for years .
the bill : $ _num_ + $ _num_ tip = money down the toilet .
the worst excuse for chinese food !
very very disappointing .
the girl who was helping me showed me all the different products .
i was told that there was nothing they could do .
worse than kmart photography !
so , she wasnt the assistant but the hired help photographer !
tacky !
the _num_ star is for service .
there was no creativity or professionalism put into the memory book as represented .
i was so disappointed after the experience of having good pictures taken .
i could n't tell if he had an attitude or just lacked personality .
not us .
the employee seemed to be a bit annoyed .
and it was n't just me who thought this .
but alas , no love was shown .
i did not feel as if my business was wanted .
anyway the sashimi and sushi were fine .
i ca n't stand that .
anyway , its ok .
check it out and decide for yourself .
gag .
the service also has gone downhill .
our sushi was less than stellar .
it tasted frozen , chewy , and often stale .
the katsu chicken was dry and hard .
we will not return to sushi on shea .
this place was crazy over priced for the crap food they gave us !
the food quality was awful !
the service sucked !
i am a crazy sushi lover !
this place was crazy over priced for the crap food they gave us !
the food quality was awful !
the service sucked !
the food was just nothing to write home about .
overall , the food was ok but overpriced for the quality .
i ca n't stress enough how terrible sushi on shea really is .
first of all the staff is extremely rude .
gross .
unfortunately , we were one of three couples in the whole restaurant .
not a big sushi fan but my wife is .
but the scallop roll was undercooked and tasted bad .
i was super disappointed with sushi on shea .
total came to $ _num_ ... that seemed crazy ?
it was dead .
we just ordered basic sushi and had two cocktails each ( _num_ total ) .
the sushi was ok , the service was ok .
wo n't be going back .
the quality of the fish was not that great .
gave me seared yellowtail with rice .
ordered spicy tuna , zero spicy .
no jalapeo , and it was quite mushy .
too dark .
they need better lighting .
in the end , not a place to eat sushi .
not true .
talk is cheap , watch out for empty promises .
extremely overpriced for the end product .
it 's too bad yelp does not allow zero stars .
they did my landscape plan around _num_ years ago .
which was awful .
sunday came and went , no flowers .
my cell phone had n't rang all day .
thankfully , we were putting our the trash & caught him .
not the front door ( very easy to find ! )
on his way there the back left wheel fell off the car !
are you kidding me ?
i know i never will again .
$ _num_ less !
are they just not into tires ?
i did n't want to get into the tire light story again .
however , it seems crazy that they completely ignored my concerns about the tire .
i even called corporate to complain and they said we stand by our managers .
that would lead me to assume all the locations are the same .
$ _num_ compared to $ _num_ , and $ _num_ compared to $ _num_ .
i did not use medical insurance at costco .
would not recommend `` doctor my eyes . ''
the only information provided was that he had _num_ teeth starting to push through .
she did not notice that our son had cavities and needed treatment .
all she wants to do is make money .
no sign , no explanation .
was very disappointed because i 've heard so many good things about this place .
my leather did not last at all .
but if you pay premium prices you should expect premium materials .
thanks for nothing .
they gave me free samples which burned my skin .
never going back !
service is mediocre and the people there are very rude .
too many other good nail places around .
very rude .
the answer i got was `` we 're very busy ! ''
i will just stay with my current salon and not bother top nail .
_num_ years in business must mean you can turn customers away .
i think this pie is awful .
it 's quite pricy too .
not bad , but not good , either .
what really ruined it for me was the cheese .
so first order with store , delivery was on time .
this was just so not worth it .
the pizza was tasteless , overpriced and burnt .
so i guess if it had any taste it would be burnt crust taste .
very disappointed .
it really gives the impression that they do n't care .
poor service !
once i put everything back on the pizza , it was pretty good though .
delivery guy showed no care for the pizza .
i did not complain i just called to ask .
_num_ minutes late .
is n't it when food is that late you get it free ?
i asked for meat sauce and they put regular marinara sauce .
do not get delivery .
the owner is unprofessional and blatantly rude .
they said yes but i could n't reschedule once the appointment was made .
when i went to make the appointment they now wo n't honor it .
terrible !
the experience was great but we were disappointed by the low cost ingredients .
they were very skimpy on the ingredients .
so no offer other than give your $ $ $ away .
no credit towards another class .
not even a discount towards another class .
and extremely rude people to talk to on the phone .
i took a pie baking class right before christmas .
i was not asking for a free class .
no reply at all .
wow ... that is the worst customer service i have ever heard of .
i had previously been given a gift certificate that would cover two classes .
zero stars !
to this business .
this is completely unacceptable !
promptly walked out .
worst customer service in the store and on the phone .
i went in and was treated poorly a few months ago .
the rude lady basically hung up on me .
it was obviously because the display was not put together properly .
seriously marty this was a huge mistake on your part .
i have been a regular customer for years and am very disappointed in this .
apparently , the original chef was replaced and no advanced notice given .
i would not recommend this store to anyone .
do n't waste your time trying to find this hidden store .
i give this place _num_ stars for the overall experience .
for gel polish , i would give them _num_ star .
for pedicure 's , i would give this place _num_ stars .
the best girl for toes was anna , who - unfortunately , is gone .
if you are late for an appointment , they will either cut your appt .
short or they wo n't see you .
everything is about insurance , how you 'll pay , billing codes , ect .
but no .
there is no empathy .
save yourself the headache and stress and do n't come here .
they do n't want anything complicated and they let you know it upfront .
i went in and asked him to bend it back to round shape .
he told me that i would loose a bit of the gold doing so .
they are n't very cheap either .
i think the only redeeming factor for this place is the patio .
by chance i walked over to zinc where i was seated immediately !
i should have know there was a reason and i found out very soon .
too bad the dining experience ruined the night .
i 'm very torn about this place .
scallops - _num_ , not recommended !
the executive chef should know better !
i 've had much better .
it was not bad , but i 'd not get again here .
very disappointing .
unfortunately it all went downhill from there .
our server was n't the least bit friendly , attentive or accommodating .
she never checked if we wanted another round or how our food was .
so disappointed .
setting is cute , food is mediocre .
chocolate souffle probably best part but at $ _num_ would not recommend .
food = bad .
i ordered the scallops over chorizo risotto .
_num_ other people in my party had ordered this and mentioned it was salty .
it 's overpriced with poor service and the food is mediocre at best .
he was `` rushed '' through the whole meal .
our bill came out to _num_ .
this meal was not worth that price .
on the menu it stated the chicken salad had basil in it .
bread is also not automatically brought to the table .
i would not recommend spending your hard earned money here .
very inconsistent food quality .
rather dry .
service here sucks .
but the service is so bad , i never want to come back .
sorry zinc , ya 'll need to get new servers or some shit .
we went this last saturday night and were treated horribly .
items included lettuce heads , breads , and macaroni and cheese .
disgusting .
i 'm not making this up .
however , our server was terrible .
not cooked to our liking .
i really did n't buy it as i had worked in restaurants before .
i thought it was rude !
do n't eat here !
we walked out .
fortunately we left before getting started and am better for it .
as stated in my previous review service was very very slow .
no prompt refills on iced tea .
worst sandwich i 've ever had !
will not be returning .
i can not tell you how disappointed i was with my dinner at zinc .
our waiter was cordial but inattentive .
it was terrible .
did n't taste any truffle and the hollandaise was minimal and tasteless .
i could not believe it !
needless to say , i will never go back !
my wife and i had a _num_ o'clock reservation at zinc .
one hour and ten minutes later all these tables were still empty .
$ _num_ plus .
my wife and i had a _num_ o'clock reservation at zinc .
one hour and ten minutes later all these tables were still empty .
$ _num_ plus .
it was like they were trying to be rude for no reason .
awful customer service , will not be returning .
the food is nothing great .
haha really ?
what a customer service disappointment in one of my favorite spots in north scottsdale .
i can not believe the reviews on yelp .
a very small portion that hardly is enough for a child .
now for the bad part .
it was fresh but nothing to write home about .
the duck leg confit was abysmal .
none of the restaurants i have experienced do it this way .
does n't mean that zinc bistro ca n't be unique .
they could not have been from fresh potatoes -- -no way , no how .
no way , no how ... how many times can i say this ?
after today i wo n't be going back .
it was barely warm and the cheese was hard .
it was a bad lunch and someone was asleep in the kitchen .
not acceptable .
the service was just ok.
not acceptable either .
i 've been to weddings where people wore flip flops .
needless to say , we left and went to north instead .
i guess zinc is taking the french thing literally .
last night i had the unfortunate experience of choosing this restaurant .
visited on september 6th and wo n't be back .
the food was just ok nothing to write home about .
got denied by a rude manager ( ?
however , the burgers lacked taste and were not filling at all .
maybe they were too excited about being dressed up for halloween .
went back in august ( for birthday dinner ) .
after mission i had huge expectations , and unfortunately not one was met .
almost empty restaurant but service was terrible .
food was ok , but considering my expectations that ended up being disappointing .
_num_ % french _num_ % ?
_num_ mins to get entree after finishing soup .
really need better wait staff .
i have had numerous good lunches so i knew what was expected .
and it appears many other patrons were experiencing similar delays .
desserts or something to make up for the delay .
but she has no power to do anything .
does not deserve another chance .
i used to love this place , but it has really gone downhill .
not a friendly environment and the food was less than mediocre .
just got done with lunch and service was horrible .
she came around to check on things hardly at all .
the duck confit came out and it was incredibly dry and stringy .
this is just another over-priced , trying to be trendy scottsdale restaurant .
do n't bother !
we were horrified because they smelled so bad !
my wife eat one and was sick all the day !
pass this one by .
$ _num_ for a small draft .
guess their rent is high , so they have to over price everything !
the table next to us sent their entrees back as inedible .
this chef has lost his way .
are no french staples except for the fries .
really ... scallops and coleslaw ?
tasteless scallops to boot .
doubt the tomato sauce was homemade .
the place is noisy but that 's typical for a bistro .
it 's just too pricey .
after we placed the order we never saw our waiter again .
after i received my order it was not what i ordered .
was not expecting that .
had a sad experience there this past weekend .
it was not a stellar night for the staff or food that evening !
i ca n't recommend the cheesecake factory .
can they not make pasta in an old school pot with water ?
terrible service and it 's just way too expensive for what you get .
it took _num_ tries to get me the lunch i ordered .
and what a disappointment it was .
it was a $ _num_ or $ _num_ burger at best .
and of course , offered nothing for the trouble .
at the very least a manager could have stopped by to apologize .
now you get small to average sized portions and terrible service .
well not once were we asked .
lets just say the service was beyond awful .
the food on the other hand was not so enjoyable .
not a fan .
they served me a salad that has gone bad .
but got bad salmon on sat .
night ended up with food poisoning , tasted ok but very sick later .
will avoid the salmon at all cost .
i felt horrible for the other group .
our waiter was just kinda sloppy .
he did n't even know what time it was .
when we finally got our entrees , they only came out partially .
by the end of our meal , we could not wait to leave .
i was very disappointed in the meal which was huge and tasteless .
very disappointed .
this was really bad .
we ordered salad and the chicken and fish on top was dry and gross .
the quality here has hit a low .
we could n't wait to get out if there .
did n't even go for dessert .
she did n't bring us water , drinks , or take our order .
extremely disappointed in our experience at the cheesecake factory .
the only cheesecake which was good was the original .
i will never set foot in another cheesecake factory again .
the menu is too much , too big , too many choices .
the problem was the server .
the evening was saved by the manager whose name i did not get .
do n't sit at jessica m 's table if you want proper service .
we ate here today for lunch .
although the food and service is good , the cleanliness procedures are bad .
when she returned , my diet coke tasted like tea at the bottom !
got take out since the restaurant was very busy on saturday night .
he just danced around it and barely acknowledged my complaint .
she then asked me if i wanted more onions rings .
kim , the manager , did not want to own up at all .
spent $ _num_ plus tip for _num_ adults _num_ kids .
had empty glasses for approx .
not at all what we expected for the price .
upon calling my mom and sister , they were sick as well .
needless to say , we are both at work today , suffering .
i do n't think that the call would be worth my time .
beware of getting sick here !
i do n't know how this place makes so much money !
_num_ stars only because the food was good .
she was nowhere to be found .
he said he would find her , but did n't .
she passed us off to the other girl and never looked back .
the service is really bad .
been sitting here for almost _num_ mins and nobody 's bring food yet .
i do n't know why they even call it garlic noodles .
just do n't want to set myself up for disappointment .
bad move .
ordered the chicken samosa appetizer , _num_ small greasy wontons filled with chicken .
does n't anyone know how to fry anymore ?
i did n't complain .
but i did not complain .
excuse me mr .
apologies are cheap .
not good , cheesecake factory , not good .
no offer to fix it at that point .
i ate the outside of the burger and left the center .
terrible tone of voice and everything .
not the cleanest cheesecake factory i 've visited .
the forks and spoons were very dirty and placed directly on the table .
she gave my girlfriend a ton of attitude while she was making her order .
the sweet potato fries were cold and seemed like they werent even fully cooked .
do n't eat here unless you want to get sick .
horrible service .
_num_ minute wait for our meal today at lunch .
if i wanted aioli and noodles , i would have asked for it .
not really impressed .
im giving this _num_ stars .
she said no one had brought it out .
the burger came plain with no onion rings .
but the lack of attention paid left me with a bad feeling .
place was loud and chaotic .
oh and not to mention absolutely disgusting .
we waited _num_ minutes after being told _num_ .
silverware covered in old crusted food .
the table was then wiped off , per our request .
however , today i was extremely disappointed in both the service and my meal .
next when the strawberries were served , they were very old looking .
just looking at them you could see they were mushy and past their prime .
these strawberries should have never been served !
my salmon was overcooked and very dry , with veggies cold .
the server returned again with my same plate so hot and food all overcooked .
the server had poor attitude and pretty much ignored us .
the food was subpar , but the cheesecake was good albeit overly sugary .
also , there was maybe a pinch of buffalo sauce .
but i could n't see it or taste it .
what happens next was down right disgusting .
very grossed out and disappointed .
the quality of food has gone down the drain .
my plate had way too much sauce and was extremely garlicky .
worst service ever .
i waited _num_ min no one came out .
shame on you cheesecake factory !
i ordered a mexican tortilla salad with chicken .
when i told the waitress , so did n't do anything .
way too costly for the type of salad .
i am extremely disappointed that cheesecake factory does not take reservations .
needless to say , i took my business to another restaurant .
i would not recommend cheesecake factory for any large parties or celebrations .
very disappointed .
then they was another dog running around the bar .
once is a mistake .
three times is inexcusable .
$ _num_ for one jacket and one dress .
i would n't trust them with any clothing at this point .
we will not use them or recommend them to any friends and family .
be very , very careful asking for a sandwich as a wrap .
i got home , there 's lettuce and mayo and ... what this ?
i did n't finish the sandwich .
disgusting .
not a place to go if you like wraps .
the cheese at least tasted like real cheddar cheese .
between ordering and after eating no one had refilled the coffee .
that 's not good for business !
does einstein hire only incompetent people who do n't know what they 're doing ?
i do n't understand why it 's such .
mess .
the problem is , it 's about _num_ seconds from my house .
but it 's not worth the stress and hassle .
einstein , i hate you bad .
i do n't want _num_ of them .
for the second time in _num_ months , i had breakfast at this location .
my experience this time was worse .
_num_ people talking while i stand at the register waiting .
_num_ other customers also with no food .
i do n't want _num_ of them .
this place is the worst !
they always seem annoyed to make your food .
they gave me a coupon for a free sandwich .
i just really wish they would make a change .
i 'm never going back .
most apathetic , borderline rude staff .
i would not come back just because the service is atrocious .
he was upset , never looked at me or the cashier .
then she put the phone down .
she was rough around tender parts of the leg , too .
and she was not the receptionist .
there was another person sitting at the desk in front of her .
i 'm sure this is standard behavior not yet corrected .
but this is not acceptable behavior for a grooming shop !
for $ _num_ dollars i expected a better grooming of my golden .
same marks going down his legs .
sorely disappointed .
and she never apologized even though it was apparent she messed up .
$ _num_ dollars !
seems ridiculous for the minor work performed .
way too expensive !
did not expect to pay over $ _num_ for just a few minor alterations .
get your quote in writing !
came back to pick dress up and they wanted to charge $ _num_ .
unfortunately , my hem came out after a couple of days .
they have an emergency maintenance line , so i called that .
they seriously lack customer service .
that 's why i called tuesday morning !
but should i really have to argue for that ?
ugh .
no call .
there is terrible communication between maintenance , the office , and the tenants .
but it 's not worth it !
the area is primo , but the situation is not !
do n't waste your money there are better places in north scottsdale .
lincoln properties are the worst in scottsdale .
bad management and high rent for junk .
plus he treats his help like crap .
it was ok ... nothing special .
i should have just gone to jimmy johns .
just another typically italian deli with italian attitude .
and the sandwiches are as disappointing as my effort in the bedroom .
not really .
let 's cut to the chase .
i lived in new york and this is not a real ny deli .
this place would n't make it through opening weekend .
it 's pretty hard to mess up eggs .
the chicken parmesan sandwich i bought was awful .
it is also very expensive .
please , save yourself money and time .
it is gross .
umm ... not so much .
chicken noodle soup was very salty !
so , reluctantly , i did .
i walked in and they were obviously cleaning up the entire place .
rude service mediocre food and slow delivery times .
why mess up a good thing ?
my salad came with onions piled on it , and no olives .
i am just horrified at this customer service .
really bad sandwiches in this dump .
i hate giving money to people who do n't deserve it .
not good for the money .
not my thing .
no sir i would not like another .
it 's too bad .
he did n't care at all .
worst customer service .
_num_ dollars for a turkey wrap plus no more chips !
two thumbs down .
obviously he does not appreciate his customers .
ego is expensive .
worst sausage and peppers sandwich ever .
i would not waste my money or time .
my son ordered a meatball sub that was served on a hamburger bun .
wo n't be back .
very rude girls at the counter and the owner is a horrible person .
staff makes me feel like i should not ask for a sandwich .
is it too much to ask for service with a smile ?
the amount of meat missing in the sandwich was ridiculous .
do n't think i 'll be going back .
when we first got there , no one was in sight .
for as italian as this place looks , it was not good at all !
girl on the phone was very rude .
after _num_ hours i received my breakfast burrito ( they forgot the salsa ) .
i am never going to order there again .
ordered the greek salad and had to toss the entire thing in the trash .
the did n't use greek olives , they used black ones .
huge difference and big mistake .
do n't waste your money like i did .
okay never coming here again .
lets talk about this dreadful experience from the beginning just on the phone .
so irritating .
do not come to this location they suck .
i wouldnt really go back unless i was invited by someone else .
eh ... its an ok place to go .
what i do n't like , unfortunately , is shopping in the store .
if i want to buy , i go online .
the customer service , friendliness and attentiveness of employees definitely needs an upgrade !
i was transferred to scottsdale for work and put up in this place .
room was okay but clearly worn .
suffice to say nothing came of this .
i let my company know and i warn everyone to stay away .
went to grab some food from the local gas station because everything was closed .
big mistake .
it was gross .
it did n't just fall off the water pressure blew it off .
good thing i was n't in the shower at the time .
they said i could not because i booked through priceline .
_num_ ) always book through the hotel .
_num_ ) stay at this hotel at your own risk .
walked into our assigned room and it smelled of smoke .
also , a clogged shower drain .
room # _num_ : could n't use the air conditioner .
i arrived and the lobby should have been my first sign .
dark and attendant was creepy .
we get to the room and there is this musty odor and stained carpets .
dirty , dirty , dirty .
i 'd rather pay to sleep in my car .
also , the staff is very rude .
the room was ok but the problem is that the toilet was clogged !
i came back to the room at _num_ and the toilet was still clogged !
second issue , was that the shower was n't properly working .
stained carpet , just plain flat dirty !
if i could give it no stars i would .
it was like hitting rock bottom .
i insisted on a refund , although my rate per night increased .
it was like hitting rock bottom .
i insisted on a refund , although my rate per night increased .
this might be the worst hotel i have ever stayed .
the bathroom door would n't open because it hit the toilet .
horrible experience for my daughter 's wedding .
very disappointing experience .
store is always as absolute mess every time we are in there .
do not go here for a suit .
i will not walk back in here .
i go in wednesday and everything went wrong .
the salesperson that grabbed my suit said i still owed $ _num_ .
when he checked , it had n't even been done .
i refused .
then the pants were too long still .
they are either incompetent or straight up liars .
went in to have my oil changed and had them inspect my brakes .
since i did not have my tools with me i had no choice .
i went in for an oil change and got their _num_ point inspection .
they mentioned i had _num_ % left on my rear brakes .
that is the only reason that i 'm giving _num_ stars instead of one .
the employees were friendly , overall , as well .
this is absolutely absurd that they would suggest repairs that are n't needed .
do n't try and `` pull one over '' on the consumer .
i can get over it , but not too excited about it .
i really want to like this place .
the food however , leaves much to be desired .
unfortunately , the sandwiches that i 've had have all been mediocre at best .
the manager accidentally spilled burning hot coffee on my brother today at the register .
same goes for his customers .
he said he was there but could n't tell me where he was .
can not express my frustration with this restaurant 's service .
this is where my happiness ends .
the staff were completely apathetic to all of this .
it needs an attitude and staff adjustment .
stopped in here for a quick bite around 2pm on a weekday .
save your $ _num_ ... unless you like a cup of overpriced coleslaw .
i just had the worst chi tea latte ever .
it did n't taste anything like chi .
it was like drinking milk with a lot of sugar .
the atmosphere was nice but most everything else was mediocre including the coffee .
had a very disappointing breakfast .
but the worst was the service .
the service was awful .
those girls working behind the counter were anything but accommodating and helpful .
and it 's going to be cold anyway even with no ice .
i much prefer starbucks to an attitude like this .
went today at _num_ am .
the toast would have been good if it was warm .
she had egg whites and ham which was an extra dollar .
i get making a mistake .
the lack of stars is the service .
salon earns a minus _num_ the worst ever !
the salon is another thing ... do n't go there !
you deserve better , so do n't bother trying this one out .
was a horrible experience .
she made various odd faces as if to say my hair was a mess .
she said i would n't look good .
ugh .
why did no one led me to sephora ?
i agree with the others : the layout of this store is a nightmare .
very disappointed .
i am never going back .
whoever the blonde who claims she is store manager is in this store .
at the very minimum find a sales person that can help them .
your skills suck and i wont be going back to your store .
i am so frustrated .
i went in to get the foundation that i usually do .
she told me it was $ _num_ and my original brand was $ _num_ .
getting to the register turns out it was $ _num_ dollars .
very disappointed in this place .
i 've been shopping here for years and was treated horribly .
this place is terrible !
i got to the register and it rang up for $ _num_ !
very poor service and i will report false advertising to the bbb .
if there were an option to give zero stars i would have .
what a mistake that was .
the style i wanted was shorter but still 3-4 inches below the shoulders .
when she was finished my hair was short - above my shoulders .
she gave me a bob , not at all like the picture i provided .
unfortunately for my girlfriend though , the tattoo work was so so as well .
disappointing considering how simple of a tattoo it is .
well , he never contacted him so i called him .
i 'm very disappointed with him and his work ethic .
i wo n't be going back .
really ?
where , exactly , did she think i was hiding merchandise ?
but they only seem to carry `` old lady shoes '' .
i always leave empty handed .
tacky , but not tacky enough to be fun .
what a disappointment !
_num_ stars .
_num_ star .
yep , `` wait till next year '' we were told again .
another one bites the dust .
return factor - an obvious _num_ % .
odd menu , poor choices , poorly presented .
i mean really ?
i will not go back .
disappointing if you are used to really good chinese food .
this is not good asian food .
the veggie stir fry was terrible .
if i was ever forced to come here again , i would order that .
not terrible .
the quality of food just was n't that good .
the food was totally uninspired & bland as can be .
it tasted like soy sauce and not much of anything else .
the _num_ stars are for the service and the miso salad dressing .
the chicken chunks were cold , old , and rubbery .
hot tea was cold and served in tiny coffee cup .
they brought wrong order and we waited for tea refill forever .
food was tasteless and when i complained to manager she was arrogant and rude .
the food was as lackluster as the service .
and i doubt that anyone in our party will be returning .
if you 're searching for impressive asian cuisine , skip this place .
unfortunately service was horrible and the food was ice cold when we received it .
not very pleased 2nd time around wo n't return .
no taste , no spice either .
not impressed with this restaurant at all .
and complete lack of service .
is what you are looking for .
they were super apologetic , but that only goes so far .
( note : menu 's are not the same between locations .
uninspired .
no flavors stood out at all .
i kept asking for more refills of water to wash my salt down .
they would fill the water up with _num_ percent ice , refill again please .
poor food , poor service .
that 's not chinese food !
this is so watered down to match the vanilla patrons in scottsdale .
i find it offensive to be frank .
the entrees , however made up for it .
all in all , not the best experience .
i am so disappointed .
i was thoroughly disappointed and wo n't come back soon .
the bbq pork was yummy , but that is where our satisfaction ended .
maybe , but it sure did n't taste like it .
the crab puffs were the most disappointing .
so little crab , so much cream cheese .
we were seated promptly and they asked about drinks and brought our drinks quickly .
after _num_ minutes no one had been around to take our order .
not good .
however , tonight we had to walk out .
it 's not like they were busy - pretty empty actually .
my entree was shrimp with bacon , cabbage , and tomato .
it tasted okay , nothing special though .
the last _num_ times , very disappointing .
take out order was wrong and _num_ times , service painfully slow .
a table that came in about _num_ minutes after us was served before us .
i asked for a kids water with a straw and i never got it .
the waiter asked me _num_ minutes later if i still want that water .
it took another 10-15 minutes to get our check after the plates gone away .
then it took another 10-15 minutes to get my change .
absolutely the worst pho i have ever had .
the soup tasted like roast beef soup .
they did not even serve the soup with a soup spoon .
we were there for two hours for what essentially was mediocre chinese .
i wo n't be back and you should avoid this place .
please do n't waste money here.
very disappointed after reading the reviews .
bad food we did n't even eat it.
simply could n't eat the food .
another scottsdale fail .
but it was dead !
no more salads for be on this place .
now paying was another ordeal !
it was a _num_ minute drive for us .
i poured over at least _num_ or _num_ reviews that afternoon .
that had rated several rave reviews , i wonder which soup they really had .
rated it a _num_ .
the restaurant environment was attractive , appeared clean with rather dim lighting .
my bill was almost $ _num_ without the tip .
i 've had better and will not return .
may be i should stop coming here & look for other asian food choices .
disgusting .
the food is still not here and we have been here for _num_ minutes .
then , we waited _num_ minutes for a tea refill .
really disappointed .
wo n't be back .
wo n't recommend .
this place is terrible .
slow service , slow food and cold chicken .
i even asked for salt and pepper and never got it .
the service was the worst .
this place drives me crazy .
its not cheap and the kids working in there are so rude .
they never give extra sauce or more than _num_ fortune cookie .
i went alone tonight .
i did n't see him again except once when he refilled my soft drink .
they brought out two of the three appetizers i had ordered in reasonable time .
did n't see my waiter .
i told him to just forget them and bring me the check .
the calamari is tasty but often too chewy .
i ordered the pad thai with chicken and shrimp .
worst spring rolls ( thick rice paper and no veggies ) .
on our last two visits , the quality of both has gone off considerably .
regardless , they were also poorly prepared , cold inside and mushy .
i sent back the pot stickers and there was n't much of an improvement .
another thing : $ _num_ for an ounce of vodka is ridiculous .
manager has a lack of knowledge on their food items .
apparently that means serve it plain , no sauce .
she told me the dish does n't have a lot of sauce .
when i ordered it the past _num_ times , it is drenched in sauce .
i asked the manager if it was gluten free and she had no idea .
she did n't even know they had _num_ different type of rice noodles .
there was no apology , they offered me a credit .
the only saving grace was the banquet facilities and the restaurant staff .
they were definitely not very accomodating .
there was no tub , as was stated in the room description .
there was also no free wifi .
here 's to a fitting example of why i often hate being in arizona .
no kidding ?
maybe that 's why they do n't put the exhibits on the same floor .
yes , the hotel reeks of smokers .
the help at the restaurants are beyond clueless .
- walls between rooms are very thin .
- room was not thoroughly cleaned from the previous guest .
- room # _num_ has bed bugs !
i ordered the whole wheat pasta with shrimp and it made my stomach sick .
with little to no personal space and is dirty .
really poor service .
our last visit was n't as good as other ones .
came here for thanksgiving dinner and it was terrible .
the food was cold and over salted .
the prime rib was over cooked and very salted .
the desert selection was limited to some terrible pie and chocolate and vanilla pudding .
we were very let down and will never return here again .
however , the service is extremely inconsistent .
i seriously almost threw up after i had realized what i was eating .
maybe it is my fault .
maybe i should have paid more attention to what i was eating .
maybe i should not have trusted the westin .
i put myself down as the main contact for all _num_ reservations .
needless to say i could not find my center and was no longer relaxed .
he returned with only _num_ drinks , dropped one and forgot _num_ .
i stayed here late march .
the hotel staff repeated multiple times they were fully booked .
when i arrived they delivered my luggage to the wrong room .
for example , they charge $ _num_ a day for wifi .
the service , sadly , was terrible !
it was weird .
the kids pool and surrounding grounds were filthy !
other than picking up the towels i do n't believe the grounds were cleaned .
our room got cleaned once in _num_ days .
terrible customer service .
almost ruined birthday party .
all could have been solved with clear communication from beginning on their part .
avoid at all costs .
their own employees do not even know their policies .
i then asked to speak to the hotel manager and he said no problem .
i gave him my number .
it is now almost _num_ pm and i never once got a call .
i tried to use it to pay for a $ _num_ lunch .
epic failure !
no wait very courteous check in ( almost to much ) .
we just finished our staycation at the highly recommended westin kierland resort .
sadly to say , we will not return .
the most disappointing part of our trip was the service .
day _num_ , my key card would n't work .
our family has stayed in resorts ranging all over the country .
they took my number and never called back .
no compensation at all .
but unfortunately run by incompetent front desk staff .
even the bell guy said they were very rude .
not worth it .
some weird , offensive smell throughout entire hotel .
golf prices , just too high .
husband 's luggage lost , so he went out to shop .
i sat with my luggage in the lobby right near front desk .
only _num_ room was ready .
total time for this `` westin '' experience was well over _num_ hrs .
terrible service .
all they are delivering around this pool has been apologies .
from there it all goes downhill !
it is a no go !
my wife went online and then called the booking number to make reservations .
disappointing .
most likely wo n't stay here again .
buckets of beer contain _num_ beers , lol .
pool dirty with leaves and sticks .
does not even compare to the westin in tucson .
i waited _num_ minutes in a line to check in .
this hotel is not that great .
stayed one night here and glad we did n't stay more .
the common walls are obviously thin .
the food in the pool area is mediocre .
pulled pork was dry and mac n cheese was cold .
the pieces are too hot to use .
this time ( _num_ years later ) , not so much !
there was no service at all .
we were so disappointed !
i am a local and would not recommend this property .
the hospitality at the westin - kierland is simply disappointing .
sunshine , food , large pool , family ; seems exciting right ?
the staff acknowledged that my cousin did indeed check into the pool .
another employee ( security , server , pool attendant not sure ) .
i worked at a hotel , i know these things .
associates not very nice .
bad move taking out pool tables etc .
associates not very nice .
bad move taking out pool tables etc .
several times there was a staff member and no one cared .
that has failed to happen .
associates not very nice .
bad move taking out pool tables etc .
should 've stayed at the phoenician instead !
not even kidding this really happened .
next , i waited _num_ hours for my room to be ready .
yes , i got to the hotel early , but _num_ hours ?
no assistance is offered ... and i 'm _num_ weeks pregnant .
again , _num_ hours for double beds ?
lame .
umm , that 's gross .
really disappointing .
if it were possible to give _num_ stars , i would .
each time i browse the store and leaving , empty handed .
to me , that 's money better spent .
not a rack i will frequent .
really disappointed .
one thing that does keep me coming back to nordstrom rack is the shoes !
none of this is true .
turns out you get coupons that are like cash .
that 's fine but that is not how it was explained to me .
i will never step foot in another as long as i live .
all the poor reviews on yelp are spot on .
about as effective as test driving a car , but only in your driveway .
and the award for the worst customer service goes to .
did i mention this was is a shoe store ?
not exactly the kind of place you can just help yourself .
and the award for the worst customer service goes to .
did i mention this was is a shoe store ?
not exactly the kind of place you can just help yourself .
do not waste your time and money at foot solutions scottsdale !
she is _num_ and already does not walk well .
she expressed that they were uncomfortable and felt like she was going to fall .
lied repeatedly telling me she was working on them and was almost done .
she had a horrible attitude i will never return to that location .
however her staff tried to help and were very friendly .
i live in san francisco and was visiting family over thanksgiving .
i spent well over _num_ dollars .
lesson learned for them right ?
thanks but no thanks !
this is not acceptable .
i wish i 'd tried somewhere else for dry cleaning .
i would not recommend based upon poor customer service and lack of care .
i wont use again .
i have left the owner a few messages with no response or return calls .
we returned the following day and the shirt was found .
i would not recommend this cleaner .
the worst cleaners i have ever gone to by a long shot .
if there were a way to give it negative stars i would .
but that was nothing compared to how my mother was treated here .
i 've stuck with these guys for the past _num_ 1/2 years .
every time i pick them up they are not folded .
but it has gotten worse and worse .
we went for pedicures and they rushed us !
it was n't relaxing they did n't even do the hot towels .
will not be back !
very disappointed .
she does n't honor appointments .
she blamed me because i was late .
so rude !
not cool !
most likely will not go back .
never been lied to by a salon before until today .
bad customer service .
: ( hate having crappy dry hands n nails !
do not buy furniture from here !
i purchased my furniture a month ago and still have not received it .
spend the extra money and purchase your furniture from somewhere else !
nice furniture and a knowledgable friendly sales person but very dishonest delivery information .
my recommendation is never purchase anything from ashley furniture home store .
they do not stand by their products .
they are a rip off .
thanks ashley for making it a painful and stressful process .
ugh .
big mistake .
like , overpriced expensive .
do n't buy furniture here unless you have lots of time and patience .
he then went on and on to a point that felt condescending .
i was frustrated .
worst customer service ever .
looking back , i would have paid more for a better item somewhere else .
terrible store customer service .
horrible .
bill the store manager did n't do anything .
never called me back !
again i mentioned i wanted to do this as cheap as possible .
the staff left much to be desired .
so if you did n't mention it you got screwed .
i was very disappointed in the customer service that i received from jiffy lube .
do not use this location !
it took them almost _num_ hours for a basic oil change !
avoid this location !
the last _num_ visits have been less than pleasant .
take my info , let me leave , call me when it 's done .
they talk up the waiting room like its the ritz , cold water !
they have a couple of generic draft beers .
i took a few bites of my food and left it .
the execution was totally off .
we were the only people in the theater but somehow the service still sucked .
the food was mediocre .
this is a big loss for the community .
you know , i really was n't thrilled with my haircut here .
i walked into this salon with long , healthy , shiny , well-maintained hair .
exactly what i asked not to have ; and it is orange blonde .
my hair is down my back so a disaster for me is long term !
it may work for some but it does not work for me .
if i could give this review no stars , i would .
awful service leads to never trusting this place .
i did n't want a bad fried loss of hair job .
i called back saturday to see what the hell was going on .
she told me taylor had something come up so i needed to be moved .
instead of taking responsibility for the mistake , she told me i was wrong .
overall bad taste in how they handle things .
i went back _num_ days later unfortunately .
what a complete disaster !
this is the absolute worst haircut since i was ten years old .
note , picture of hair is after a shampoo , following day .
not professional !
literally the worst shopping experience i 've ever had .
it was rude and intrusive .
the words `` thanks , i 'm just looking '' meant nothing to him .
the 2nd part is my _num_ star rating in the department of false advertising .
online is wrong , store is correct .
yup , `` _num_ includes delivery '' ?
nope , they could not handle that either .
if it wasnt so creepy , it would have been funny .
the ball actually rolls where it should go .
worst customer service .
i was told i only qualified for a _num_ % discount with child care !
boy was i wrong !
i am very sad that this is how their organization works .
i will never step foot into another ymca again .
_num_ % discount for a family in need ?
paying upper management with it ?
obviously , no one is managing this aspect of the business .
workout room is very crowded with equipment .
trying to access your website which appears to be written in korean .
thought to myself , is n't that what y staff is for ?
i wiped down the machine before i used it and afterwards .
no way , no how .
those machines need to be attended to and cleaned properly by staff .
other gyms which charge less have clean machines .
the y is supposed to be a positive , community experience .
i had an experience with a very impersonal , rude , and pretentious associate .
she has sales skills to improve if she is going to stay .
valet parking at this store , really ?
yeah , me neither .
i ended up just leaving after _num_ minutes and ordered my stuff online .
not even a hello .
i passed by at least _num_ salespeople who walked by , ignoring me .
i walked in and looked at all the furniture .
this review is not based off of an isolated visit either .
nothing ... nada .
not a smile , not a hello , nothing .
what a crappy brand experience .
typical for scottsdale however .
scary store totally void of color .
depressing and dank furniture .
so i will add to the list of poor reviews .
my wife and i stopped by to purchase a bed two weekends ago .
and calling customer service was a joke .
no apology just too bad so sad that 's how we do business .
i ca n't believe the snooty attitude of the sales staff .
they will ship ( from an unknown location ) but not install .
just do n't bother a busy sales person .
sure there are things that you order ( furniture lighting etc ) .
customer no service !
do n't like this place very much .
it 's not that anything was particularly bad or offensive .
it just was n't great .
again , nothing was wrong with it .
however , it was far from gourmet .
the chicken and peppers were roughly cut in all sizes .
then the biggest problem with the whole experience was the price .
but for that price , i expect quality .
what i got did not at all match up with that expectation .
i have nothing against this restaurant .
i was n't at all put off by the meal .
but i can get better at olive garden for a lower price .
so i 'll be taking my money to those .
disappointed .
then her rigatoni with chicken in pink vodka sauce had bad chicken .
she described it as chicken that had been in the refrigerator too long .
our server replaced my wife 's glass and promptly ordered a rigatoni without chicken .
a manager never visited our table and that ruined the place for us .
so , it actually tasted fine , but could have been better .
in addition , the prices were ridiculous for what you got .
if it was homemade pasta , i would understand .
the chairs are some of the most uncomfortable i have sat in .
obviously the food is ready to go and quickly heated in a microwave .
the filling and sauce were terrible .
overall , it was a disappointing meal .
service was very inconsistent and we had to ask for everything .
flavorful , yes , but not spicy as described .
the homemade ravioli were large and flavorful , though .
if this had been our first visit , it would be our last .
i was a little sad by the menu because they vegetarian options were limited .
i ended up ordering the fettuccine alfredo with mushrooms .
it came out with onions which was not on the menu .
apparently it was not supposed to come with onions anyway .
i 'm not sure if we would make a return visit .
did not enjoy my meal at all .
could not get myself to eat it .
the main courses were completely forgettable .
portions were small and way overpriced .
unfortunately we were very disappointed .
surprisingly nothing came with the food .
the pasta on my plate was disappointing and bland .
the veal itself was paper thin and rather tasteless and tough .
the eggplant parmesan was good according to my wife but nothing special .
for a _num_ star restaurant we expected better tasting food and far better service .
our whole experience was terrible .
she never said they were sorry .
the sauce was runny and had no flavor .
it was disappointing and we will never return .
the hostess is rude and condescending .
i will never come here again nor would i recommend this place to anyone .
we are still standing here _num_ minutes after we should have been seated !
the beef carpaccio was awful .
worst carpaccio i have ever had .
it was our first time going to this restaurant .
the entre was ok , but arugula salad was very bad .
never seen anything like it .
not going back .
this place is terrible .
never again would we go back there .
as he stepped away , their food arrived only to be cold .
then the server brought their checks to which they refused to pay .
just consider me one and done .
absolute worst `` italian '' food we have ever had .
everything from the bread to `` veal '' is not homemade .
terrible .
trust me , olive garden is a better bet .
service was mediocre to poor .
sorry to be so negative but ca n't find much positive about this joint .
i would give this place no stars if i could .
it pains me that this place is even listed as an italian restaurant .
this place served quite the opposite with pre-made frozen raviolis and stale bread .
the service was awful and slow .
had a rude waitress .
do not recommend !
this place is way over rated !
horrible .
this waitress has a very bad attitude and very rude .
she ruined our evening .
made suggestions and was prompt with drinks .
maybe if i ordered something else my experience would have been better .
i guess you have to be a local to love this place .
service was not the greatest , nor was the food .
we sat at our table for _num_ minutes before our waitress contacted us .
the sauce tasted and had the consistency like a over salted tomato juice .
the gnocchi was sad looking and very large almost like a small scallop .
it was covered in the brown goo that was supposed to be sauce .
none of the apps are gf .
i ordered a very boring salad .
disappointed !
my advice is to avoid this restaurant on weekends or significant dates .
very very disappointed .
why have reservations if you do not honor them ?
in the decade i lived nearby and frequented this restaurant , it went downhill .
the restaurant has stayed busy because it has little nearby competition .
she was wrong .
when the caprese salad showed up _num_ minutes later it was edible at best .
and $ _num_ dollars lighter .
it was disgusting and certainly gross .
they surely threw her under the bus .
no manager or anyone in charge came over to speak to us and/or apologize .
i really wanted to like this place but it was a disaster .
i 'm giving _num_ stars because the lobster ravioli was great .
this place is very small which is ok we can deal with that .
our waitress was pushy and a bit rude .
i recently went here to have my dog put to sleep .
i knew she was suffering and wanted to end that suffering .
i could n't believe it .
i said no and proceeded to leave .
apparently there was some promotion going on and they let me use it .
they seem to just want your money .
all my favorite staff is gone too .
if they are non paying animal they do n't give a damn !
do n't take your animals to banfield hospitals .
i have had the worst experience with the banfield pet hospital on mayo blvd .
i repeated my dog 's health issues almost every time i saw them .
recently i was having to take my pet in every week .
just beware , not what it is cracked up to be .
i never received updated warranty cards .
however , i did like several aspects of different rings .
she did not listen to our requests and she was not very accommodating .
something is just not adding up .
bad business .
they said shirts would be $ _num_ at drop off .
at pick up it was $ _num_ !
anyway , spots were still on shirts but they agreed to redo them .
went to pick up ( 2nd trip ) and another customer was freaking out .
would not recommend to anyone !
however ... my thank you was a bitter one .
last time i 'll be visiting them sadly .
these guys are horrible .
unbelievable .
i was drinking water .
i was not informed of this and was pissed .
on top of that the sliders were mediocre at best .
these specials that have these restrictions drive me crazy .
a heads from the bartender about the beverage deal would have been nice .
i 'm not going back to this place .
the waitress was pretty rude and gave us problems with the groupon we had .
just left the arena sorts grill .
however , that it where it stops .
never again would we go to this place .
that 's not a chicken wing .
it sure did n't look like 1/3 lb either .
i would not go back here .
it is definitely a cheap sports bar .
the french fries were obviously frozen , they had no flavor and were chewy .
and the servers are not `` attractive '' and bitter .
the food stinks ( besides the pizza ) and the drinks are watered down .
a complete waste of money .
in the end we did not even finish it as it was just terrible .
so disappointed .
in fact i never had a bad meal here back in the day .
unfortunately , a lot has changed .
the fried fish can now go down as the worst i 've ever had .
it was like rubber and very dry .
hard to cut with a fork .
not the great flaky cod that they used to serve .
everything was completely flavorless .
everyone in our party was disappointed with their meals .
it was n't anything close to decent .
sadly i will never go back .
it 's too bad it has gone so far downhill .
this place used to be a favorite of mine .
idk what happened but it really went down hill .
i probably wo n't be back for the food .
sat down and waited _num_ minutes for somebody to wait on me .
i could not believe how rude the bartender was to me .
and it gave me the worst vibe and left after i finished my drink .
we ordered long island iced teas and they were tasty but weak .
he ordered a burger with bacon and it was awful .
soggy and over cooked beef .
he asked for no onions and of course it came coated in onions .
he ate less than half before deciding it was time to stop .
flavorless .
the place was cheap but we feel like we totally wasted our money .
nothing was said they would be closed for however long its going to take .
nothing on yelp says they are closed .
even when we called the phone rang and rang with no responses .
however , i went for lunch , and got the barbecue beef sandwich .
kind of disappointing that a cowboy place would n't have decent barbecue .
i said thats to bad , then i wo n't come here anymore .
i could n't eat either of them .
it was ok , i guess .
probably will never go back because i do n't live in the area .
$ _num_ cover .
it was too mellow for me though - kinda boring .
i 'd highly suggest that you not eat here .
i was very disappointed .
again , no problem paying for the diet coke .
the bartender told me it would be another $ _num_ .
well that got me nowhere so i asked for a glass of water instead .
my low review is based on the owner .
probably wo n't go back either .
a warning would have been nice .
she seats us elsewhere and does n't come back for another _num_ minutes .
i went to this place with my boyfriend saturday night .
then once i get in the domestic beers where expensive .
then the beer prices , really ?
umm not worth the drive at all .
it was n't horrible , but it was n't great either .
my chicken was a little too done .
well , the outside was burned and the inside was too rare .
i hate this place .
the server was great but the music and the band was awful .
could n't stand the music .
play to your audience not what you like .
they denied us food and were very rude about it as well .
if you are not a regular , do n't bother coming here .
my recommendation would be to skip handle bar j 's the were beyond rude .
i was really disappointed with our experience here .
the service was by far the worst .
: ( very sad .
: ( very sad .
am very disappointed in him , would n't recommend him now .
we did n't really feel listened to as we were explaining our symptoms .
he was losing weight .
but it just felt completely awful to do that .
as you can guess , the other clinic did not do this .
they did n't even give us suggestions on how to help with his appetite .
it really felt like they cared for helping him .
in the end , our cat did n't have dental problems .
we 've had _num_ dogs in ca .
would n't eat , could n't hold her head up .
you read right $ _num_ to torture our dog .
very bad customer service .
they too seemed surprised by cactus flower 's attitude .
the person i spoke to obviously did n't want any business that weekend .
the flowers were scheduled to arrive _num_ days ago and still have not arrived .
they promised me follow up delivery that day , which did not happen .
horrible service .
really less than impressed .
not good.
not good .
if you are going to be cheap , at least pay attention to detail .
cactus flower should be embarrassed for the product they are delivering .
thier driver must think they own the road .
i met with a sales rep to discuss a quote on wedding flowers .
very poor customer service !
they never sell old flowers just toss them .
when i returned the bouquet really was n't much better .
never again will i purchase from cactus flower .
very disappointed and will not be returning , ever .
thank goodness for social media so i can save someone else a bad experience .
missed deliveries .
poor service .
and , when i called , i was treated very poorly .
too bad .
do yourself a favor and choose elsewhere .
their site seems to want to send to only one address per order online .
i dumped the other flowers for my aunt from the cart .
somebody else found me twice , but she could n't find me .
you lost a customer for life cactus flower .
if i could leave less stars i would !
do n't waste your time .
shame !
ugh .
total rip off .
i could n't believe that they treat their customers this poorly .
for about _num_ more bucks i could have replaced the entire system .
i had a very bad experience with them a few years ago .
very very sad .
_num_ months later and my pool is in need of repair .
this should have been replaced with the new motor as quoted .
no wonder it only took _num_ minutes .
i wish i had used someone else .
i had a terrible experience returning defective merchandise at this company .
after _num_ min on turf she realized they were too big .
he was totally unprofessional and obviously has no concept of customer service .
do n't give this jerk your money .
no way .
he does n't deserve our or your money .
i have been here before with a previous owner and had no problems .
mind you it was less than a day and they were never worn .
this man gave me every excuse in the book and they were all bananas .
they just do n't show wear .
over the years the quality has gone down and they do n't care .
also , they have gone to all serious active wear .
i do n't even want to wear them around the house .
they have the worst customer service .
it 's really sad to see this type of business being done ... .
but stay away from the pharmacy .
they are the worst pharmacy i 've ever been to , bar none !
what a waste of time .
do n't waste your time see a doctor !
the person working the window was very polite , but seemed totally disorganized .
unbelievably poor service , prices and people .
but they are , as all the old ladies waiting at the pharmacy agreed .
i waited hours for this bad treatment .
never use this place as a walk in clinic !
one of the worst places i have been too !
the wait time for my rx was about an hour .
understandable bc that place was crazy busy .
tonight i had one of the worst experiences here .
i was just asking what happened , i was not upset in any way .
repairs cost just shy of $ _num_ .
$ _num_ , really ?
is business really that slow you have to practice in such a way ?
shame on you .
talk about a rip-off !
just went to best buy - same razor there on sale for $ _num_ .
no more !
very poor experience .
i would never patronize the room store again .
they have the worst customer service department .
the girl on the phone said that someone would call me back .
well no one called me back , so i called them back .
they try everything they can to void the warranty .
they were not considerate or concerned or even tried to help me .
i suggest that if anyone is reading this , buy from another place .
i really feel like i was scammed by my sales person and her manager .
not the first time i got ripped off by the room store .
there wo n't be a third time .
they have lost a loyal customer over $ _num_ ... ... they could careless .
would i recommend ?
same day delivery ( as posted on their website ) is incorrect .
i had a terrible experience with this place !
i wish i could give it negative stars .
they definitely do n't deserve _num_ star .
hoping i get my money back within _num_ hours now .
buyer beware , this place is terrible .
now for the horrible .
i called in a service request for the repairs and cleaning .
that 's when it got worse .
the worst part is n't even over .
i could n't believe my ears !
i will never purchase anything from this company again .
we originally ordered them a week before christmas .
almost _num_ months later .
this place is soooo _num_ .
however , i really can not get past the attitude of the sales people .
it looked out of place to a humorous degree .
that 's two hundred and fifty dollars .
it was a nightmare i could n't wake up from .
there are too many great shops and nice sales people elsewhere .
i felt so mad at this point .
okay i contacted james at this ups store .
it is unacceptable when he said how him suppose to know !
he would n't work with my at all !
this place has no respect for regular customers .
greedy owners and no respect for regulars .
poor service mediocre food .
this place was utterly ridiculous .
in fact , i would have much rather done so .
bread , meat , lettuce , tomato , some sort of special spread .
i ordered pizza , wife ordered chicken parm .
both sucked .
not real professional .
more importantly , i think i am beginning to think yelp sucks too .
not cool !
for example , the waitress never came to our table initially .
we will not be back .
just the worst .
so nasty and so rude .
mediocre italian , at best .
seems like the place needs a facelift and new management .
owner was rude .
i have also experienced similar problems with service when dining in .
the broasted potatoes were boring fried potatoes .
the chicken i expected juicy mouth watering juicy , which i did not get .
it was dry , dry dry .
the chicken is better at costco and way less expensive .
i had to put apple sauce on my chicken to make it moist .
worst experience !
this was a saturday night around 7pm , and it was very crowded .
needless to say , we left to find cash and brought it back .
so disappointing .
went there tonight for dinner and will never go back !
the owner is rude .
he was loud and overbearing to customers .
it 's gone to hell .
too bad ... .
false advertising at its best .
worst service i 've had in quite some time .
service is pitiful .
they just ca n't fill your order correctly ... time after time .
this place is a disaster !
bottom line : waited _num_ minutes not to receive our food .
we walked out .
the dirty cooks do n't wear gloves .
we waited another _num_ minutes and walked out .
i ordered linguini with clam sauce .
the clams were not fresh .
the pasta was cooked a proper al dente but under seasoned .
one of our guests got the broasted chicken and it was super dry .
the raviolis and meatballs were ok , but nothing special .
no beers on tap .
no cold glasses either .
food was tasteless , how can you ruin a shrimp parm hero ?
this was one of the worst experiences of my entire restaurant going life !
we waited another _num_ minutes to order .
we ordered a seafood salad and an eggplant parm sandwhich !
the other half had a _num_ '' piece like the other .
when the sandwhich came out just after i complained about that too .
talk about the worst service , food and atmosphere .
they deserve to go out of business !
did n't check the bag and items left out ... again !
i 'll give it to taste of chicago , it looks the part .
you really should n't have to wonder that .
i not a foodie and i do n't watch the food network .
i stopped by taste of chicago this week and chose the italian beef .
never made it to my next appointment .
but i should n't have been surprised .
meets the craving for chicago but not completely .
shame on you guys .
these things were used but sold at full price .
i just will not go back .
i have never felt more uncomfortable going anywhere .
for value and professionalism , stick with my sister 's closet .
i wo n't be back here again .
if you buy here , it might be a good deal .
people should know they are buying nearly stolen merchandise .
clearly , not an honest , organized or worthy business in any respect .
stay away and be warned !
why why would the owners use that location !
this place is overpriced and is n't real italian .
do n't waste your time here .
my reservation was for _num_ and i was seated almost immediately .
the plate is enough for _num_ , big portions and big flavors .
very expensive which was n't the worse part , the food was horrible .
my husband just got chicken parmesan which so bland .
they did n't like the taste .
horrible !
the shrimp was horribly cooked and rubbery .
just not good food !
the food was fresh but very bland .
i was disappointed overall and wo n't be back .
the bread was nothing special .
the water tasted terrible .
portion size was ridiculously small .
dust and trash everywhere and the stench was awful .
but could probably be removed but would not be so good .
the salad was mediocre at best , just lettuce and one tomato .
would like to see more additions here .
really really upset ... the waiter was horrible !
he ruined my new years eve meal ... do not assume things mr. waiter .
i have given plenty of time so now here is my rant .
so , why the _num_ star review ?
someone at another table asked for it to be turned down .
waiter was rude rest of the night .
rude wait staff .
i so appreciate the service and the food .
but - you do n't seat _num_ children in the bar .
it 's not an appropriate situation for them or for adults without children either .
if it were n't season , we would have left .
which is completely ridiculous .
utterly disappointed in their customer service .
so we will gladly pass and will not give our business to that .
looks like we will try another local place instead .
what a horrible experience .
being a size _num_ , i thought it would be easy .
overpriced as well , they just try and charge you the most expensive deal !
just go to the post office , fed ex or a real ups store .
but i 'm having trouble .
yea fail !
even then i was like ok , i let it go .
are you kidding me ?
hmm no , but thanks .
you have been most helpful .
accompanying the meal we chose steak cut fries and asparagus .
extremely disappointed .
the steaks were mediocre , ruth chris even pinnacle peak patio steaks tasted better .
by that time my husband and i were 1/2 way done w/ our meal .
not so here .
will never go back and do not recommend .
skip this place and go to another steakhouse , you wo n't regret i .
however , the service was terrible .
we had n't finished asking our questions when she ran off again .
not good .
i think most appropriately it would be : is everything ok ?
people should n't pay two hundred dollars for this kind of service .
too bad .
another quality restaurant bites the dust .
the food was just average but the service was very rushed !
would not go back again .
at scottsdale , huge mistake !
it was quite obvious the staff does not like same sex couples .
the server and manager we encountered were rude .
the steaks were just ok .
but , she served it anyway .
a competent server would n't have even left the kitchen with the dessert .
if you are a morton 's '' s fan do not eat here .
went there with _num_ others during `` restaurant week '' .
the $ _num_ special plus some lobster was mediocre at best .
the noise level was unbearable .
second course i ordered the _num_ oz fillet medium well .
i had that with the side of cream corn , it was gross .
and i am sad i ordered it because it was not good at all .
third course , i ordered the key lime pie , it was not edible .
so all in all , was it the worst experience i have ever had ?
i went here for restaurant week .
the restaurant is not that nice inside the wait staff was not very professional .
the bread was not made fresh there tasted like a roll from fry 's .
mediocre is the best i can say .
not worth it for the price .
all i can is meh .
for the price point , i thinking the food to die for .
but i ca n't express how average it was for me .
hands down it was awesome .
the filet looked like beef jerk or barbacoa .
just overall not impressed with the price and selection .
second rate food , and poor management !
contacted chicago head office , could n't care less .
unfortunately that location is closed now .
the service was extremely rushed and indifferent .
for the prices they charge , you would think the food would taste amazing .
explains why they had maybe _num_ tables filled at 7pm on mother 's day .
the lobster cocktail was not edible .
it tasted and smelled like fish that had been sitting out for _num_ days .
setting that aside , the flavor of the steak and meat quality was subpar .
it was disappointing how crowded the tables were .
the steak was nothing special .
i got the truffle mashed cauliflower and the bacon onion mac and cheese .
i was disappointed in the mac .
it also just tasted like bar food .
the bacon pieces were very crisp though , so that was good .
it was a huge disappointment .
that was over _num_ weeks ago .
poor customer service .
there are too many steak houses in town to be treated like this .
the food was insulting for the price .
although the steak was edible it 's no ruth 's chris .
however , the food is does n't add up to the ambience .
for starters we had a _num_ dollar blood mary that was awful .
my steak was a very fatty and tough .
i probably wo n't be returning anytime soon .
i actually asked `` is this the chocolate souffle ? ''
_num_ ) we chose morton 's for restaurant week .
the menu options were limited and not a great variety to choose from .
_num_ ) the salads were plain and nothing to write home about .
the morton 's salad and the caesar salad were basically the same .
it was dry and not very tasty .
_num_ ) the stuffed shrimp ... what can i say .
the broccoli was not cooked enough and not seasoned at all .
_num_ ) we ordered the creme brle and the chocolate souffl .
the creme brle was cold ... unappealing ... and far too sweet .
this was absolutely the worst steak dinner experience i have had at any restaurant .
if we had more time i would have talked to the manager .
my wife was so disappointed that he just wanted to leave .
note : someone from morton 's called me while i was driving .
however if you look at the yelp reviews ... that is not the case .
i think this is one of the worst rated steak houses on yelp .
i am very disappointed that management never even offered to correct the situation .
i informed him that he is my husband , not a friend .
it 's not appropriate '' .
why does he keep calling him my friend ?
i corrected him _num_ separate times .
this place seriously needs to learn to respect it 's customers .
i will not return until adjustments are made .
obviously he did not care .
service and food was way below par .
it took them 15-20 min to bring our drinks which the server got wrong .
also , our dinner orders were wrong .
i got my entree when everyone was finished and they never apologized .
food was not worth the money and never acknowledged our two birthdays .
soo disappointed .
i 'm trying to get our money back .
i could have had a better quicker meal at taco bell .
one of the entrees came out and it was the wrong dish .
the sommelier was polite me attentive after we ordered wine .
hundreds of dollars later we left and will probably not return .
but not great .
food was acceptable but service was lousy .
very disappointing .
out of four meals ordered at our table two had to go back .
the replacement tasted like a sirloin and was also sent back .
it was crusty , nearly burnt on the outside and just tasteless .
such a disappointment .
for what it 's worth , i rarely send anything back .
morton 's is not what it used to be .
steaks were great , service was terrible .
i would suggest more training and also perhaps caring about reviews .
why ask for feedback , if you do n't care .
tonight begins arizona restaurant week .
very low ceilings very dark restaurant .
the waitstaff had an irritating air to them .
but everything else was average if not worse .
the salads were soaked in dressing and did not have any sense of freshness .
this is a chain that has slipped away into bad ownership .
this place has gone down the toilet as far as quality of food .
_num_ star prices for zero star quality food .
just not my scene .
only reason i would .
blah blah blah .
should you decide to dine at ra .
it was that blah sushi .
_num_ stars .
but i 'm sticking to my other sushi hot spots .
sucked as soon as we walked in .
party of _num_ .
our waitress , sarah , hated us from moment one .
one girl is allergic to gluten , so ordered hers wrapped in soy paper .
the waitress also claimed that they do n't wrap their sushi in cucumber .
i 've never been anywhere that does n't wrap in cucumber instead of rice .
this place sucks ball and i wo n't be back .
why , why , why ?
thank god i 'm not _num_ .
the reason why it only gets _num_ stars in my book .
turn the fucking music down !
no kidding !
teriyaki is not my favorite but this was alright .
eh , this place is not good .
the food is n't fresh , and it just plain tastes bad .
it is far too pricey for how mediocre it is .
no soy sauce on the table had to wait for that too .
i went back recently with a friend for happy hour .
our server brought us menus , waters , and then disappeared .
food was mediocre .
service was terrible .
edamame was terrible .
salad & soup mediocre .
meat was mediocre .
i wandered the restaurant to find someone to refill my tea .
i showed the manager , she walked away .
waiting for the replacement sushi without wasabi took forever .
no apologies .
no discount off the bill .
wasted $ _num_ and over an hour and will not return .
that was our 2nd sign , we should have kept walking .
this place has the worst service and sushi food .
unbelievable .
sushi was good but the red sangria saki was bad .
i would try to find another place .
the only thing that keeps me coming back is their garlic citrus yellowtail .
this place sucks ass .
went there on sunday night to watch game and eat sushi .
we walk out , sit down and ignored again by staff .
lost my business for good .
there was a delay even after that point .
when our waiter arrived he tried to leave after taking the drink order .
_num_ minutes just to get waited on .
another _num_ for him to come back to take our order .
with so many sushi places , no real reason to come back here .
service was the worst i 've experienced in a long time .
so disappointed .
i went here with my friends last night for hh .
i used this last year and could n't wait to do it again .
first the server only brought us _num_ menu for a table of _num_ people .
slow service .
our waiter was horrible obviously he was n't hired for being a good waiter .
i tried getting his attention but he did n't care .
i was to fed up to wait for my change .
they need to train the staff with better customer service .
my wife and i came here for arizona restaurant week .
maybe she should have been trained in it better .
no complaints there .
the vegas rolls were way too messy .
i did n't know how to eat it with my chop sticks .
i had no clue what the other thing was .
i could n't finish it because it tasted too bitter .
anyway , it was overpriced .
probably not .
the beef short ribs and shrimp tempura were pretty tasty .
$ _num_ for a well martini ?
yes ... _num_ bucks for one person to not even get full !
the bartenders , waiters and servers said nothing about it .
bad experience on reservation .
instead , we have to wait _num_ hours .
it was new years eve and the restaurant was pretty busy at around 9pm .
this is where it gets confusing .
assuming that 's where she wanted us to sit , we took a seat .
i remember there was _num_ hostesses .
our sushi was mediocre as ra sushi tends to be .
the food i did order was not very good , very inconsistent .
since substitutions are sometimes about allergies that is n't super .
_num_ minutes later i was still holding and i hung up .
management , train your employees on customer service .
i doubt i am the only business you are losing !
guess next time i 'm craving ra i will be driving to old town .
bye bye kierland .
too many fails for the least acceptable reason .
wrong decision .
but not packed i.e .
i can take a rude _num_ year old .
but i do n't think it takes _num_ hostesses to do the job .
the ladies room was disgusting .
not even worth it for happy hour .
not off to a good start ra .
but the server we then had was amazing !
more than any other place in scottsdale that i 've tried .
even with the coupon however , it was too pricey for what we got .
the bathroom was disgusting .
this ra has the worst service of all !
the whole reason we went to ra instead of a different sushi place .
the server did nothing .
it actually did not even taste good .
each time they forgot a beer , or jalapeos , or soy sauce .
it was an all around mess .
our bill was a little under two hundred dollars for a table of four .
i was by myself so decided to sit at the bar .
the issue was the horrendous customer service .
no customer ever wants to feel rushed .
while at the bar i was never checked up on one time .
no , `` how 's the drink ... '' `` here is your bill .
no rush sir . ''
i received dirty looks to boot ?
disappointed .
went in recently to see if service would be any better .
ill go elsewhere .
most recent trip here was disappointing .
they did not have enough staff for weekend dinner rush .
drinks and service were slow .
i 'm not sure why i keep going back to this location .
then when we asked for the check it took another _num_ minutes for that !
i likely wo n't be coming back .
the overall experience was disappointing , to say the least .
we we finally got our drinks they tasted horrible .
dumb .
i could cook a meal faster than they could acknowledge and seat me .
we will not be back to this location in the near future .
it was hard to enjoy anything with the music so loud .
the poor guy near us had n't even been greeted for almost _num_ min !
no telling what was taking place in the kitchen .
mr sushi or kona grill will be our only sushi stops .
she said `` i do n't have the authority to adjust music '' .
pretty hard to dye your job when you are so short staffed .
the food did n't make anything better .
which came out once i was done eating about _num_ minutes after ordering .
we may try you again someday , but i doubt it .
i will visit ra the next time i return to scottsdale .
the late night cravings were kicking in .
let 's just say waaaay too much cream cheese .
the food was mediocre at best .
scallop was too chewy .
rice was too sticky .
the interior of the restaurant looked like the red light district too .
horrible horrible service by danielle .
she never said anything to let us know she would return .
the people around us could n't believe it .
it 's not that hard !
she is a rude person with a horrible attitude .
we will not return in your establishment .
there is zero reason to be treated that way !
maybe you need a big window in customer service .
they literally comp meals left and right .
they came out soo dry .
i mean like dry dry .
like it was beef and chicken crackers .
so they gave her a free meal and a $ _num_ gift card .
the food is awful .
garbage !
but hey , the portions of it are huge !
went to get gel nails the other day .
they did a very sloppy job .
only one lives out of state .
there had been some mistake .
the person who scheduled was not there .
no offer to accomodate .
customer service is awful .
this place is not clean !
i wo n't be back .
i left to get two iced coffees to make the experience fun after school .
i had a horrible experience here .
but that was n't the problem .
i have very mixed feelings about this place .
i actually canceled my membership at another nail salon to start coming here .
i do n't like feeling that i am being taken for a ride .
am i crazy to walk back in here ?
nice place on the inside but horrible experience .
very disappointed !
the absolute worst manicure i 've ever had .
very unprofessional and extremely poor customer service .
there are too many nail spas who would n't have done such a thing .
i will never go back to desert nail spa .
terrible experience .
was very rushed and not even enjoyable .
the foot massage was maybe _num_ minutes .
my nails were uneven .
not a fan .
if you want a relaxing experience , do n't go here .
_num_ stars for desert nail salon and _num_ stars for tina .
are we serious here ?
this could have been an off day - who knows .
he hung out with the dog in the lobby for a good _num_ minutes .
gross !
i could hear every sound in the salon during my massage .
haircut : nothing special .
overall : would not go back or refer anyone to bravo .
i wasted time and money at bravo .
worst experience of my life !
that is not a way to speak with a new customer !
also , store is very dirty !
very poor !
would never go back and do not recommend !
my girlfriend and i both used groupon 's for the massage .
first off , the lighting stunk .
the room was a little stuffy and the heavy covers did n't help .
she just did n't have a soft touch .
it just was n't smooth or relaxing and also not enough pressure for me .
overall , it was below average experience .
actually , it was kind of a waste of time .
bad idea .
the owners acted like nothing was wrong , and that it was perfectly acceptable .
wait ... mediocre might be a stretch .
seriously , i think the salon has some big problems starting with the owner .
bravo appears to cater to primarily elderly clientele .
my stylist was over _num_ min late .
the place looks old and kind of cheap .
did i mention the sign asking clients to leave their kids at home ?
i wo n't be back to bravo salon .
i would not recommend this salon to a friend .
this guy has been rude to me several times .
my problem is with customer service and his attitude two thumbs down .
terrible service and not professional at all .
never going back .
disappointed and will have to get my tailoring elsewhere .
i hate writing negative reviews !
first time i had him hem _num_ pairs of jeans for me .
i gave him another try with a skirt .
i was desperate so i let it slide .
he quoted another $ _num_ !
i 'm embarrassed .
anything else stay away .
i said forget it and walked away .
went here like a month ago , last time i ever will .
some of the worst service i 've ever seen .
why is this location inconsistent with the other store that 's very close ?
unfortunately , to me it just seem really expensive for what you get .
but , it was not honored and the coupon had not been expired !
so disappointed !
the atmosphere not so much .
we did n't get a chance to taste the food .
not above average , but good for average wings .
this place is okay to try if youre bored with everywhere else .
clock doctor ruined it .
never mentioned that to me when i got the `` repaired `` watch .
never never again .
i would advise anyone to use another dog grooming company .
the reason i gave _num_ stars is mainly due to price .
it was huge , but a bit bland .
now i wish we could forget last night .
the seafood in the paella was dry .
i wo n't be dining here ever again .
food and service was a++ .
my only complaint was the seating and chairs .
they use plastic chairs -- like cheap lawn chairs .
it was just as i remembered .
blah and bland and pretty boring .
a cold bean dip with hot chips ?
havana cafe does n't even come close .
the mojito was pretty good , but not worth being disappointed over the food .
would n't go back .
i personally believe this place is a bit too expensive .
the sangria had more ice than anything else and was very expensive .
needless to say i 'm very disappointed .
we were seated fairly quickly in some beautiful ... lawn chairs ?
the atmosphere was tacky and unimpressive .
horrible experience , bland food , overpriced .
in short , never going back and do n't recommend it to anyone .
we 've been missing our cuban craving fix since moving here to phoenix .
i only wished that the ceviche came with chips instead of crackers .
bottom line is that we may or may not go back .
nothing really wrong with this place but nothing overly exciting either .
the atmosphere was not bad .
it was around two in the afternoon so it was empty .
unfortunately i will not be going back to havana cafe .
never going back !
food : just ok , over-priced and very small portions .
it made dinner very uncomfortable .
the cuisine is unique , but poorly prepared .
again , service was horrible .
they ended up not having one of the advertised yelp eats entrees .
food is overpriced and not that great .
* _num_ mins into eating .
_num_ mins has past , drink cups are empty .
_num_ mins later .
wait my automatic watch stopped working .
the appetizer portions are smaller than they used to be , sometimes ridiculously so .
the prices remain high .
i love their food but their service is horrible .
my opinion on this has been shaped over my last few visits .
what happened tonight was the last straw .
as usual i went for mojito monday .
even after this they split the second check so another card could be used .
the sangria was n't anything special though .
the paella was really salty and buttery .
unfortunately the seafood inside was n't very fresh .
the crab in particular was impossible to get out of the shell .
the steak was not a premium cut of meat .
it was n't tough but the texture felt poor and was n't very flavorful .
fairly forgettable .
we then got bread pudding and flan for dessert .
the bread pudding was so so , but omg the flan was delicious .
it was fairly bland and forgettable .
maybe i just do n't like cuban food though .
i could n't see myself spending that much for the entrees we got .
would not recommend this at all .
i 'm always afraid to sit down at their tables ever since then .
the place looks tired , the portions are very small .
stay away from this garbage dump .
the service liked the food was garbage .
i am seeking a refund for my voucher to havana cafe .
there were at least _num_ tables open .
after about _num_ minutes the bar tender asked if our orders had been taken .
our entrees were brought out to us .
the manager still had n't come to us so my friend went to him .
after _num_ hours in the restaurant , we left without eating .
for chicken , rice & beans .
could n't get a water refill until after i was finished with my meal .
again , for the price , service should be much better .
was i ever disappointed .
this place has turned me off of cuban food .
terrible .
try it and then thank me , later for warning you .
terrible experience .
they were ok , probably pre-made and just warmed up as we ordered .
the rice and beans were mediocre and flavorless .
way too expensive for low quality food .
i definitely do not plan on returning .
big portions but way to pricy for the food quality .
$ _num_ lunch plus $ _num_ tip for a waitress with no personality .
specially for a $ _num_ lunch .
very disappointing .
all the dishes we ordered were disgusting !
i can go on forever but would rather not .
i would never eat at this restaurant even if they paid me .
i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone unless i hated them .
here is the problem with havana cafe : its overpriced .
it cost me $ _num_ .
they were just barely good .
until then i would avoid this place .
there was n't even a waitress anywhere in sight .
sad to say i probably will not be going back .
this place is racist !
meanwhile we still had n't even gotten any of our food !
of course , the staff never mentioned anything about my dad 's birthday .
they did n't care .
what a huge disappointment !
my waitress asked her _num_ times and she said no .
i was not impressed with the service or the food .
the chicken was n't cooked to order , it was pretty much reheated .
not only that , but the dish had a fishy smell to it .
the seafood clearly was n't fresh .
it was old seafood .
not impressed at all .
the total bill was around _num_ bucks .
food not that good overpriced .
service not that good .
this place was just eh .
the dessert , creme brulee , was awful !
went here last night for our first night in scottsdale for our anniversary .
we maybe given it _num_ stars also if each dish was n't $ _num_ .
i ca n't see them being open much longer .
place was nearly empty on a friday evening .
then a wait , and i mean a wait .
probably over _num_ minutes minimum .
not a hint of red .
looked like a meatball with spaghetti around it .
my meal was okay , nothing to write home about .
went here on a recommendation and because they have home made gluten free pasta .
gluten free pasta can not be al dente , but this was .
dirty dishes were not removed in a timely manner nor were water glasses filled .
just an odd , outdated place .
felt like i was back in jersey , without the good food .
we opted out of appetizers and went straight for entrees .
the halibut was a bit dry and the sauce was not good .
there were no mushrooms , no veal , and no prosciutto .
the worst part of the dining experience was the bill .
the halibut was $ _num_ and the lasagna was $ _num_ .
scratch this one off the list .
it was horrible .
but it was not even worth 1/2 price .
it is a neighborhood italian restaurant with no personality or charm .
my fish was so `` fishy '' i could n't eat it .
the bread was burned and dry .
desserts at $ _num_ was terrible .
it was mostly fake whipped cream and the inside tasteless and soggy .
there are much better italian restaurants in the area and more moderately priced .
the waitress seemed like she really did n't care that we were there .
it was no more than a third full on a saturday night .
tonight 's dinner could possibly be the worst experience at any restaurant ever .
the food was pure grease with cheeses and sauce .
first of all ... the iced tea was not good .
so overall ... it was ok , not great , but ok .
the service is extremely slow .
the food was extremely subpar .
i could taste plenty of oil unfortunately .
the pasta was swimming in grease .
to make matters worse , the staff decided to add gratuity to our check .
this place is expensive and not good .
i would n't recommend this place if you 're looking for italian food .
i would suggest taking your hard earned cash elsewhere .
it was very disappointing especially since it was so expensive .
this has nothing to do with food or service .
the painting on the wall is absurd !
they have a cut away ceiling that looks like an artificial sky .
my husband just kept saying , '' not good '' `` not good '' .
i could n't eat it after the third bite .
i considered giving this place another star just because of the waiter .
they really need to look to that .
calamari was decent but the sauce for dipping tasted like cheap canned tomato sauce .
i hate when they are soft and slimy .
last attempt was the butternut squash ravioli .
save your money try some where else .
the menu is _num_ % filled with items with veal or pork .
there raviolis are very small and they charge $ _num_ for one .
the breaded raviolis for app was just okay nothing was wow .
might try for lunch , maybe they were having an off day or something .
i was just at this salon yesterday and i was not impressed .
first off , the colors were outdated and looked watered down .
i got a gel manicure and a pedicure last friday .
the gel manicure did not even last _num_ days .
$ _num_ for a pedicure and fill !
my acrylics cracked on _num_ of my nails within the first week .
i 've been getting my nails done for over _num_ years now .
do n't waste your money on this over priced low quality salon .
not very happy , overall quality of service was mediocre .
i would not spend my money to get anything done here .
my nails chipped within _num_ hours and toes _num_ days .
went back for a touch up and they were not helpful .
the color was no longer there .
they would not help find and did not offer to switch colors .
rude and not great with customer service .
i felt like the staff was lazy .
they could n't believe that i had just had them done the day before .
i wo n't be back .
not good .
asked for one coat polish as to not have it thick .
terrible .
wo n't be back .
messy , messy , messy .
what a mistake .
also after less than a week they are already starting to peel and chip .
ca n't believe i paid $ _num_ for this manicure .
worst manicure ever !
save yourself , your money , and nails and do not go there !
the eggs were alright and the bagel was ok as well .
the cream cheese did n't taste very fresh either .
over priced , and that goes for everything on the menu .
ill give the bagels a try sometime .
veggies and bacon looked unappetizing .
prices are inflated ( scottsdale lol ) .
if this was ny , they 'd be shut down in a week .
after all , my people wandered around one for _num_ years .
anyway , this place ai n't it .
there were _num_ strips of steak on my bread .
my wife had an ice cream scoop of chopped liver .
bagels were large , but nothing special .
the skin of the bagel is soft and not authentic .
coffee is horrible .
avoid this place if you know bagels .
there are no lunch specials or combos .
this place is just going in way too many directions for me .
the service at this place is horrible .
nobody asked me .
the staff is is incompetent & lazy .
told the counter person i had never been there before .
they literally walked away without saying anything .
my order was wrong when i got it .
because it had the wrong condiments it tasted disgusting .
this place is very disorganized .
something about this place feels dirty to me .
i went here for breakfast today and was not impressed .
the omelet was very overcooked and dry .
i took one bite and could n't eat any more .
i could have saved some money and just ordered those .
worst service i 've ever encountered .
avoid like the plague .
tiny sandwich served on crunchy rye , not steamed .
the bread was more like a cracker , not soft fresh bread .
the pastrami was served cold .
oh well i 'm sure the bagels are ok .
average bagels , but that 's not why they get one star ... ... .
for my order , thankfully she put on gloves .
if i had n't have been starving , i would have walked out .
my meal came fairly quickly , so no complaints there .
i just kept wondering what state the kitchen was in .
got bagels and coffee to go this morning and was very disappointed .
someone needs to tell the cook how make a reuben sandwich .
a dish i have probably eaten there over a dozen times .
but now that the food has also gone downhill , i am done .
this place is terrible !
prob worst matzo ball soup i 've had , just dumped it out !
i am from new york .
not new york .
food presentation was nothing with nothing .
spend _num_ for breakfast .
go to fry 's buy own ingredients make a better breakfast .
the bagels were just so-so .
i got too much common sense to smell a rip-off when i sense one .
our visit was in a word , sad .
and i really hate having to say that .
we were seated promptly , so no problems there .
a little common kindness goes a really long way .
and i 've only written one other yelp review before .
not sure based on our experience .
the waiter was nice but had no clue about a single menu item .
there is a reason good restaurants do n't carry around computers .
like super fast probably because no one else was there .
i ordered a spanish omelet that was supposed to come with salsa .
* there was no salsa therefore nothing spanish about it .
the potatoes were ok but also not hot .
do n't know how we keep the doors open here .
but apparently he did n't look at my plate .
i was n't hungry enough to finish my joke plate .
our poor waiter was sweet but clueless .
ruth is off in her own little world .
there were _num_ new guys that just started training today .
this is not the first time .
we mentioned our concern to ruth the last time .
as reading all the reviews this place is going downhill .
our new years resolution is to not dine at this establishment anymore .
shelly is awesome but she ca n't do it all .
the way you get and add additional products was below standards .
i do n't recommend this place .
horrible .
the manager was rude .
i wish i could give no stars .
terrible customer service , even now .
needless to say , there were several other dogs .
four hours later my dog was ready to go home .
but , to my horror , the last experience was quite poor .
... for selling broccoli at a good price i gave them a chance .
the absolute worst management .
no stars .
just stopped in for some starbucks and to use the rest room .
for the location i must say the bathroom is disgusting .
the paper towel roller is broke .
the toilets are nasty and the overall bathroom look is just dingy .
the worst customer service around .
their stock is not dependable .
this is short .
8:30 on a saturday , give me a break .
not worth the wait .
the food here is pretty good but not the best i 've ever had .
just not worth the price they 're charging .
instead , i came away underwhelmed .
the ambience was less than ideal .
no candles on any of the tables .
however , the food did not live up to expectations .
in short , the presentation needed work .
to their credit they were apologetic and even threw in _num_ free desserts .
however , the damage was already done .
the vegetables were mushy , but that was the least of its problems .
lastly , they only accept cash .
do n't believe the hype - this place is nothing special .
for that matter , it 's not just like going to little italy .
i would not say that it is very inexpensive .
it was cold .
are you kidding me ?
italian chefs i know would be rolling on the ground .
nothing to stand up and shout over .
i am glad i did not get sick .
the ambiance of the place seemed nice for the short time i was there .
food however was a disappointment .
i got the eggplant parm which is a favorite dish of mine .
the included pasta was cooked to a very nice al dente .
probably would n't come back .
extremely disgusting and rude !
did n't even take the sandwich off the bill .
also they only take cash here .
do n't go here , unless you like eating hair .
each slice was individually breaded and then baked .
it was crispy and the sauce and cheese made it perfect .
but no more .
what a disappointment .
i would n't recommend coming here .
the food was average and the atmosphere was n't too inviting .
i stood out there a couple of minutes before they open the door .
i asked how much it was , they said $ _num_ .
this place was very weird and i will not be back .
food was mediocre .
all meals did not come out at the same time .
felt forgotten on the patio .
$ _num_ for three .
no wine .
i wish i could give it zero stars !
do n't quite get the reviews .
place is tiny and only takes cash .
service was barely there and food was slow to come out .
it was a hand written ticket with nothing but a dollar amount .
when we asked for a brake out , he would n't do it .
did n't want to make a scene so just paid and left .
never going back .
major turn off / not a great 1st impression .
me not spending any more money here .
this was terribly inconvenient .
they do n't care - they have more business than they need .
such a disappointment .
the crab is imitation .
plus cash only to pay really ?
very crowded .
i ordered eggplant parmigiana , which arrived only lukewarm .
could not even find the eggplant .
it was not freshly made , that 's for sure .
unfortunately , the bill for dinner left a nasty aftertaste .
unbelievable .
am i going to be looking for a new dentist ?
save yourself the money and frustration and go to starbucks .
this time was terrible .
she hates side talk as well .
i did n't know i was suppose to do this class in silence .
i did n't sign up to get yelled at .
the selection is lackluster with really no great finds .
bland , bland and more bland .
apparently they only flavor things here by throwing cheese on it .
great in theory , poor in execution .
bad tasteless food .
rude waitress .
the problem began when he returned to our house .
they treated us very poorly .
the decor is kitschy , and not in a fun way .
my two star rating is mainly for the food .
very little on the menu is vegetarian .
there is nothing modern or innovative on the menu .
here 's the problem ; i found a hair in my food .
that night , they had a full house and the service was marginal again .
chips and salsa are my favorite here .
not worth the time or your money !
not a lot of authentic or unique types of mexican restaurants around north scottsdale .
slow service and messed up orders .
after going to this establishment for _num_ years it has officially hit rock bottom .
asked for a cold glass took _num_ minutes to get it to me .
burritos : chicken inside was excellent .
decor : old and needs a redo and cheesy .
workers : mostly teenagers with no management .
awful al 's as we call it .
i am embarrassed they call this mexican , especially when we border mexico .
friends insisted on going to ajo al 's last night .
burning hot filled with huge portions of tasteless beans and rice .
is covered inside and out with processed , thick , gooey cheese .
no flavor - terrible , watery salsa ( served in a plastic bottle ) .
same menu items from _num_ .
no wonder the place was dead .
the food was horrible and we will never be back .
so , so mexican food .
went for lunch and the food was quick but quality lacking .
cheese tasted a bit off and my wife did not eat her tostada .
service was a little to hands off .
plenty of mexican restaurants to go to , i would not recommend this one .
we come here almost weekly , tonight we were sat by the bar .
i never like it but i figured it was n't a big deal .
the food took forever and she was no where to be found .
had n't been here in many years .
the service was awful .
the bartender could not maintain her tables .
we sat without items often and she barely checked on us .
she was clueless to her actions .
the salsa is great but too spicy for some at the table .
the food was mediocre .
pollo con queso was tasteless .
chicken had no flavor .
beans and rice were fine , nothing great nothing bad .
the chicken quesadilla was soggy on the bottom and bland .
steak and chicken fajitas were bland and not very warm .
i appreciate that but it was too late .
bad service , bad food .
loyal customer no longer .
portions have been reduced at least 1/3 - 1/2 the size .
they also will not label any take out .
we were with a big group , however i 've never had worst service .
food was par for mexican cuisine and nothing special .
wo n't recommend this location as there are better places known by most locals .
do n't send your kids to any of their summer programs .
giving them _num_ stars just because the club itself looks nice .
the facility is clean but it was so outdated .
i am wondering why do n't they spend the money to update it ?
joined on a groupon , went once and never went back .
gym equipment was so old it brought back memories of the 70s .
heated pool , big deal can crash a local resort hotel for that .
my expectations were not met , very disappointed .
i was very disappointed my son did the summer camp there .
my son had a horrible experience there .
it meets and exceeds the bad reputation in every way .
just a sad situation in general .
in reality , about the same level as a run down ymca .
he showed no concern at all and quite frankly was rude and condescending .
nope , no mistake .
rude and insulting .
however the staff is rude and unfriendly , extremely !
rude and disrespectful .
would not step foot in this place again .
that just blew me away !
horrible people and very rude office staff .
i will not come back here ever again .
will not go back !
so , i make an appointment to just have oil changed and tires rotated .
said they would get me right in this way with no waiting .
so , thought i would give them another chance .
stop by to leave car to get oil changed and tires rotated .
terrible service , too much standing around and talking instead of working .
apparently my car has a special emergency brake they were not aware of .
is as bad as the store itself .
she said someone would be in touch to talk with me about what happened .
guess what no phone call or email .
i can not recommend this place .
i was then advised to come back for a $ _num_ alignment .
they take a long time to answer the phone , kinda frustrating .
visiting from out of town , i broke a tooth .
and `` why are you staying for two night ? ''
but i did n't want to be an unpleasant guest and complain .
i give him a _num_ star alone for customer service .
_num_ . )
_num_ . )
was it a horrible experience ... .
we had family stay here and they had a horrible experience .
rooms were very small and breakfast was awful .
the service was pretty good but it was a bad place to stay .
apparently they have two offices , or moved and did n't update yelp .
i went to the one on _num_ w. glendale ave # _num_ in phoenix .
anyways , it went downhill from the day before the appointment .
staff is incompetent and took weeks to get results from tests .
absurd !
terrible customer service .
this whole time i 'm waiting in a _num_ degree house .
but the customer service was completely awful .
i do not want to deal with this again .
i called hays and they quoted me $ _num_ !
really , how do you guys have _num_ stars ?
called on monday to schedule for tune up .
we are home all morning , no miss call , no message .
shame on you !
the ac died at our business today and what do i do ... .
he says sure , no problem .
if the compressor was bad then that would be a whole other thing .
i can buy it all day long for under $ _num_ .
compressor will reset . ''
if you have a question do n't be expecting a nice reply .
he was a complete jerk from the minute he walked in the room .
this is no reason to leave me so miserable in pain .
i am hurting and he did n't give a crap .
i had to go to urgent care later that day to get a prescription .
for the record i have never complained on yelp .
he was awesome , however , the front office is horrible .
i tried to contact the office , cindy was so unprofessional and mean .
she was trying to schedule me for over a week out .
this place is terrible .
they triple billed a visit after i 'd told them they were doing so .
worst school i 've been to in my life .
do n't waste your time here .
monty is the owner operator of the store .
i 'm never coming here again .
these people are not helpful , nor do they care .
very cheap products .
i do n't mind the walk ( it 's good exercise ) .
- yes , some of the employees are courteous , but others are n't .
that 's not fair .
went there today , saturday at 4:30 in the afternoon and they were closed .
i swear to god , i 've never seen anything like it .
not a way to run a music store .
lack of customer service and out right rude staff .
the gentleman working this evening was clearly disappointed to have customers walk in .
did n't get the chance to ask the guy about lessons .
went to ace hardware and easily got the replacement screw without any attitude .
now off to google a better place for lessons .
tried supporting a local business , not worth it these guys are rude .
probably the worst haircut i 've ever had .
left and went straight to my usual barber .
this is what i get for trying a place close to home .
just like everyone else .
$ _num_ for both ?
watching the carbs , so did n't eat anything that i normally would have .
but why are you reading this ?
one time i told a waitress and she said it looked like mine !
i am so totally grossed out by this location .
meh .
but the salad was all iceberg lettuce .
i do n't know that i would come here on a regular basis .
i have n't eaten here in about _num_ years .
many reasons which were confirmed tonight .
pasta was mushy .
breadsticks were a bit hard and tasted like buttered white bread .
pizza was not so good .
did n't like the cheese .
i do n't understand how olive garden always has a long wait for dinner .
their food tastes like cardboard .
salty and drab .
my husband had the salad which was decent , but c'mon .
i had the baked ziti which was flavorless .
i feel sorry for the waiter for having to work at olive garden .
they are the same price for real homemade italian food .
poor service .
party of _num_ , only _num_ were served .
never again will i spend my money here or any other olive garden .
my brother in law said he will never eat there again .
service was less than average .
so i was grossed out and decided not to eat .
olive garden continues its slow down hill slide .
the staffs answer to this was to throw napkins on the wet bench .
wait staff was unfriendly and inattentive .
salad literally tasted like it had a cigarette butt in it .
waited over _num_ minutes for entrees to be served .
terrible service , worse food .
i informed her the pizza was undercooked and to let the cook know .
no apologies , no nothing from her .
i informed my waitress that i wanted a $ _num_ gift card .
needless to say , we will never go back to that location .
i really thought he was joking , after all is only a olive garden .
i just do n't understand the rudeness at olive garden .
today was extremely disappointing .
of everything .
small salad .
entire visit .
another soup .
to our table .
i was highly offended !
a hospital .
your lack of service .
was put on hold for _num_ min + .
hung up and just went so i could place my order .
they were not even busy only half full .
some of the worst customer service .
i would not recommend take out from this location .
she also missed the side that came with my meal .
both of us could barely eat more than three bites and did n't finish .
i loved olive garden but after today it 's the worst restaurant ever !
a few hour after we left we had realized that we left it .
terrible service .
i literally have never been treated so horribly .
all olive gardens are a joke .
for some stupid reason i gave it a chance for lunch .
soup is basically oil .
the pasta is crap and nothing has taste .
otherwise , olive lobster is a complete , complete waste of money .
ventured away from my normal auto repair place to give this place a try .
bell union ended up doing the oil change and charging me $ _num_ .
the only problem is that nothing is updated .
there is also only _num_ pool there with super uncomfortable chairs around it .
two weeks later i still had not received a call back and called again .
i can not express the frustration i 've had after moving out .
therefore , i based this rating heavily on customer service , which was nonexistent .
i scheduled an appointment with the dr .
the pa came in for _num_ minutes .
he barely did a physical exam .
she did a complete physical exam and spent time with me .
terrible customer service , rude staff ( especially mike the office manager ) .
their priority is obviously not patient care .
i 'll miss brittany pa : ( .
i strongly advise you to find another pain management clinic .
too bad that their service is so poor .
the new owner & management is not customer focused .
needless to say we walked out and will not be returning .
the first installer left a blind hanging from a corner .
i was not happy .
i called again ( note , no follow through ) .
so i went home and got the receipt and called leslie 's corporate .
if i could give a lower score i would .
i agree with joy d. could n't find a lower score to give them .
rude !
rude !
rude !
long wait at counter every time i have shopped there .
save yourself the trouble , shop elsewhere !
my girlfriend 's favorite restaurant is red lobster .
yea , i like their biscuits .
and the food is n't particularly bad or anything .
but dang it 's gotten expensive for what you 're getting .
and of course , we never had to wait long for a drink refill .
if you 're thinking about going i suggest you sit in the bar .
the restaurant is not designed to accommodated handicapped people .
the bathrooms have heavy doors that are not handicap friendly .
never again , date night at red lobster .
we were lucky , no food poisoning however the food was horrible .
my son had chicken fingers and they gave him _num_ fries !
our honey maple chicken was like leather , and the clam chowder was crunchy !
no thank you , especially since there is no togo parking !
food was pretty good , but service was bad .
but no such luck .
my husband was never even able to get a refill on his drink .
recently things have slipped .
what came was batter , no fish .
the only good thing about this restaurant is the server mary who is stellar .
too may other places to eat .
the wait staff was just okay .
wait staff just matter of fact about it.
will not be returning .
if it was busy , sure but it was not at all .
waited _num_ minutes after my meal finally arrived to get a baked potato .
chicken - no flavor and tasted like it just came out of the microwave .
i have not lived in a city with a red lobster in years .
thrown on a plate with no garnish , no lemon wedge .
i ca n't tell you how disappointed i was .
but a last i will never go back to find out .
skip the fries though .
awful , service awful and food is gross .
seafood is not fresh at all .
probably a good thing since i was n't going to pay for it anyway .
cheddar biscuits are a round heart attack to come .
ugh .
they stopped about _num_ feet from me .
completely inappropriate , considering there were other guests all around .
second of all , you had like _num_ entrees for _num_ of us .
salads leave , correct entrees come .
all tastes like greasy , buttery , garlicky goo .
ick .
i had been craving red lobster and took the opportunity on this trip .
the food was pretty good except my baked potato was under baked .
as soon as that was seen our service nearly stopped completely .
i even had to walk up to the bar to get helped .
very sad service .
the rest mostly lobster was left sitting under a heat lamp way too long .
service a _num_ food a _num_ .
this was very very disappointing !
this was my first visit to red lobster .
the lobster tail was a sad sad story !
it was a total of _num_ bites of lobster .
i also ordered a side lobster mashed potatoes which was terrible !
last eve _num_ of us went arriving before the crowd at _num_ pm .
the place looked like a furniture store with less than half the tables occupied .
we were wrong .
and they had already proceeded to close off other areas of the restaurant .
_num_ minutes later our drinks arrive .
could not finish it .
the wife 's food was a disaster to say the least .
how that is n't a even swap i do n't know .
for one of the worst meals i have had there in years .
nothing to write home about .
not the red lobster i grew up on .
now red lobster sucks .
it feels like a basement .
there 's just none of the red lobster feels .
the only thing to celebrate was eating _num_ shrimps .
what the fuck good is a salad without croutons ?
i was sick for an entire week , after eating here .
i cant even watch a damn red lobster commercial .
i should of know better then to stop here .
shrimp not cooked and my steak is raw .
waiting for them to bring it back while everything else get cold .
real crab cakes do n't smell or taste like these .
they ran all over tempe and mesa purchasing clothes etc .
very disappointing !
this store always looks like a bomb went off .
this place is not good .
i bought a water gun , it did n't work .
the interior smells gross .
_num_ cents , plus _num_ cent tax .
i 'm pretty sure it 's not good to eat .
on my first day i stayed up till _num_ in the morning doing homework .
if i had kids , i would not send them here .
after over _num_ years with this institution i believe we deserve more !
they always say there are waiting lists , but there are n't .
the old rancho would have never done this .
it was like a family , they cared about you and your kids .
no big deal , though .
she also did n't offer a pen , which i had to ask for .
granted , i have only been there once .
ladies and gentlemen , it is because of the extremely rude service .
my friends did n't enjoy it , point blank .
maybe next time , i will be treated better .
the casino is a trap on so many levels .
just go to hometown buffet and save yourself lots of time and trouble .
the crab was over done and rubbery .
service : no complaints here .
the shrimp was rubbery and the au gratin potatoes were tasteless and cold .
the bartenders are a little slow .
lots of machines , but kind of false advertising .
when they talk about a penny machine , they need to mean it .
okay , so that 's a forty cent machine .
sucks .
or , maybe you 'd walk away with $ _num_ or $ _num_ dollars .
if you 're just looking to gamble for fun , do n't come here .
i will be forever haunted by that image .
i really did n't like the selections of gaming at this casino .
it was smokey that i walked out right away losing .
i 've been to better casinos in my day , even here in town .
omg , i did n't consider the cigarette smoke when i suggested we go .
fortunately my relatives they did n't want to stay for more than an hour .
ah , the place where dreams go to die .
avoid .
bingo supervisor was a dick !
shame in you for ruining our mother 's day outing .
a disappointment .
the comps are also really bad but are getting better .
that 's total crap .
at casino arizona the dealers are n't nice and the waitresses are n't hot .
if i could give a _num_ star , i would .
printed tickets mean nothing to them .
you may or may not get what you think is due to you .
some of the security people are rather unpleasant when they need n't be .
i have not been in the bingo room .
my girlfriends and i went here wednesday night for the crab leg buffet .
i 've been here plenty of times but i never stuck around after eating .
smoke , smoke , smoke , and a little bit more smoke .
the bud light _num_ ounce special was $ _num_ .
they do not comp drinks while gambling .
casino was pitiful .
i leave w _num_ / half theirs and go to wild horse .
management is extremely rude to anyone that is not a `` high roller '' .
it is insulting the way the typical guest is treated .
casino was pitiful .
precious dealer never had to do something so irritating .
i leave w _num_ / half theirs and go to wild horse .
both killing it for a change at slots .
we 've gone to this casino for years , never been this hot .
with the reviews on this place we wo n't be wasting our time .
worst casino ever !
they were not ready for a sold out event .
server was rude and did n't come around much at all .
my friend 's meal came out _num_ minutes later after a manager got involved .
frustrating evening , especially since we recommended the venue to our friends .
out of all the casinos in arizona , this is my least favorite .
the casino itself is small and there are more tables than slot machines .
overall , i would rather go to another casino than here .
unlike their competition , they really do n't give you anything !
just sad not be appreciated as a valued long time player .
lacks a decent air vent , full of rude employees & weird customers .
i would give this zero stars if it were possible .
the floor cocktail staff was nonexistent so we went to the bar .
the first time the manager chris did n't handle it very well .
mistakes like this should never happen .
nice course , but because of the rushed treatment - two stars .
hard , as in concrete .
all _num_ in our party rolled off the green all day .
there are much better courses in scottsdale for the money .
they could have painted the parking lot green and i would have been happier .
the green speed was at best _num_ .
$ _num_ per person for that !
i will not play there again .
after playing , i 'm not sure what you all saw in this course .
either courses lacked any real feature .
they were flat and boring .
just a flat course in the middle of the desert .
what a waste .
too bad as the course was in good condition .
all _num_ 1/2 hours .
the guy in the golf shop nick did n't seem to concerned .
the employees should never hold up paying customers !
they get _num_ stars cause of cart girl & course condition only !
unfortunately it does not appear they care about the problem .
really this is suppose to be a high end course ?
i wo n't be back .
zero stars ... .
this place is the biggest fucking dump in the entire world .
avoid this place at all costs .
it is not worth one penny that you will spend here .
south course is as bad as it gets for golf in az .
worst conditions i have ever seen in april on a golf course .
paid $ _num_ plus tax so over _num_ bucks and not sure why .
this course is very boring and the greens are junk .
it was kind of annoying as they literally sat and stared at us .
it couldnt me more uncomfortable .
it really left a bad taste in my mouth for the money we spent .
now there are new owners and it is beyond terrible .
they have lost _num_ pieces of my clothing in _num_ months !
this last time , no one will even address the issue or call me .
dont risk losing your clothes there !
if i could give el pueblo a negative star rating , i would .
my family has used el pueblo for years .
do n't go to this place .
i see the other reviewers have met the same employee i have .
she was rude and useless .
again , _num_ months later , no answer .
i am turning them in for these billing practices .
the therapy is sub-par and they will bill for things you never get .
trust me , this place is a scam .
my second time coming here in a _num_ year period .
no complaints .
it really seemed to me that i was being ignored and overlooked .
guess i 'm just a worthless trouble maker or something to that effect .
it appears he only cared about me when he was taking my money .
as another person commented i would leave no stars if that were an option .
again , no acknowledgement .
his office staff is nice but he clearly does n't care !
could i meet the doctor before signing the agreement ?
there is clearly a lack of communication at this office .
guess what they have not called or written .
it is very clear these people do not care about their patients .
as an urgent care , they suffice .
as a primary care facility , just do n't do it .
you will see someone else , which has happened to me twice now .
there are too many good primary care practices out there to settle .
this place is not an urgent care center !
they just take walk in patients .
to advertise as `` urgent care '' is not accurate .
the staff here seems to be very inexperienced .
i left the office very unsatisfied .
dr. williams is never in the office .
terrible customer service .
terrible experience !
i tried to return a tool that failed .
i will drive the extra mile and go to another home building center .
not a lot of money about $ _num_ .
bathroom cabinet , sink , counter top , toilet etc .
just not from home depot .
continue to be horrible .
this store is a train wreck .
one of the worst places to get customer service .
when i said yes he said `` ok , go get it '' .
this has been my go-to store for quite some time .
not anymore .
short version : by far the worst home depot i have ever been to .
long version : came here to make _num_ copies of some keys .
the sushi selection was just ok on the night that we went .
in my book , selling old and bad fish is inexcusable at any cost .
unfortunately , our search for the neighborhood sushi restaurant continues .
i wo n't be going back .
the fish was bad .
the rice was bad .
i just do not understand the reviews raving about the sushi here !
once again , the fish we had was of mediocre quality at best .
no brown rice .
almost no vegetarian options .
unfortunately , this place is no _num_ stars to me .
not going back ... .
every dish was horribly sour tasting .
had their lunch combo with chicken teriyaki and gyoza .
was not a pleasant experience , i wo n't be referring anyone here .
ca n't spend enough to get respect , i guess .
i drove that far , because i trusted yelp reviews on this place .
everything is over priced for what it is .
i 've had much better other places such as gilbert of all places !
but this place just is n't worth it !
i expected more from a japanese owned sushi restaurant .
messy on the plate , and difficult to eat .
the spicy tuna was n't very spicy .
the real crab in the california roll was so dry that it ruined it .
my $ _num_ small meal did not turn out well .
sashimi was not fresh and the rolls tasted weird .
staff was fine , but the food is not up to par .
we only tried the sushi , and we tried the restaurant three times .
no , we wo n't bother giving it another chance .
first sushi place i tried in scottsdale with my gf .
i really was so disappointed in this place .
what a waste of my money .
but i had severe severe severe watery diarrhea for _num_ days _num_ hours later .
but this place ruined my love for sushi .
this place is ridiculous !
this one was a miss .
not a repeat .
the crazy roll had lots of rice and very dry .
sorry for the poor review .
the rolls were a little loose for my liking .
very bad customer service .
the staff said no reservation no table or take your family to bar area .
good food but horrible service and not polite !
the overall bill was _num_ dollars and my boyfriend walked out hungry .
second time , i went for lunch again .
no thanks !
bland rolls , no flavor .
tuna was terrible !
it is so so salty that it hurts my lips .
the review is not about food .
unfortunately tonight they failed at customer service .
we are extremely disappointed !
horrible !
he asked me what medications i have already tried and have n't worked .
i walked to my car and started crying .
wrote it down on both my calendar and my iphone .
he came out and was also very rude .
told me he could not see me until next week .
never even apologized .
furthermore , his receptionist is the worst i have ever come in contact with !
it was a nightmare .
terrible insurance company .
i got a police report and they still had to investigate it .
tried to call and the number does not work .
tried to call the _num_ number and the line is busy .
absolutely terrible company .
if rude and indifferent is what your looking for , this banks for you !
customer service does n't exist .
completely a disappointment .
i 'm not a client of boa and i know why !
as for the pedicure and fill , i just was n't impressed .
they do not match their on-line prices , i was not impressed .
i was then advised that it was at customer service .
the `` excuse '' i was given was their `` overhead '' was higher .
find another bookstore to patronize .
she said , `` no they 're not '' .
no , she would n't of .
it 's no wonder they have an f on the bbb website .
bye bye membership card , hello amazon !
rude and not very helpful .
disappointing experience .
feels wrong to give it one star since i only interacted with one worker .
avoid the starbucks cafe .
instead of buying books my kids spent an hour playing with toys .
barnes and noble sent nothing .
quite disappointed in customer service here .
i bought _num_ books , and a word game for my students .
cashier told me i could not get a discount .
this is a terrible company to work with !
about _num_ months ago , the same light stopped working plus another one .
it 's not worth your time and frustration .
they should be ashamed for treating customers like this ... and we know them .
managers are rude .
hotel staff needs a course in customer service .
make the drive to the _num_ mayo blvd store .
the lady at the booth was extremely unfriendly .
had n't been asked that question before and responded that we were n't sure .
you people have lost your mind .
we will make sure and tell _num_ of our friends about this negative experience .
i will never return to this petsmart location .
if i could do zero stars i would .
i dropped my dog off on thursday night and picked him on sunday evening .
my dog has been boarded and groomed by this store for _num_ years .
unfortunately this facility has gone downhill fast .
needless to say , my pup wo n't be staying there anymore .
i use to bring my dog in all the time to be groomed .
we have been having our various dogs groomed over _num_ years .
to petsmart 's huge loss , eric did leave .
pathetic .
petsmart has lost who were very happy customers ( with eric ) .
i get it , they 're dogs , they do n't understand words .
i was so annoyed i just left .
absolutely worst pet grooming and boarding place ever .
there was no empathy or compassion at all .
none of this sort of thing happened at all at this store .
never in customer service through this company have i ever been so upset .
not impressed .
went to the previous address and found another _num_ people looking for the place .
remember , the other _num_ were elderly .
the receptionist was also unwelcoming and not pleasant .
`` look , i am looking for my insurance card '' .
i recommend another location , not this .
this is really a _num_ rating .
they never refunded me a penny !
so disappointed in their service .
walgreens could care less and this store especially is full of idiots .
to sum up : go to any other pharmacy to save yourself headaches .
this drive thru pharmacy needs a lesson in customer delight .
avoid this place for meds the are incompetent of being helpful .
this whole store is completely lack luster with customer service .
just completely unprofessional .
horrible check out .
shop elsewhere and do n't get taken advantage of .
so sad .
but i was sadly dissapointed with the quality of the food .
the panang curry was loaded with onions and the beef was seriously chewy .
but beyond being `` off '' , they were just poorly cooked .
is there really no great thai in scottsdale ?
for my entree i ordered a yellow curry chicken .
it was n't bad , i just was n't impressed .
the food would get a pass if it was n't so over priced .
the panang was watery and also , not as spicy as requested .
the eggroll consisted of bland , greasy cabbage and no meat .
we had higher hopes for the entrees and again we were disappointed .
my boyfriend ordered the yellow curry and i ordered the pad thai .
what he received was a watery curry flavored soup with no heat .
the sauce was meh , not so much .
mediocre , forgettable experience .
that 's really expensive for tilapia !
wow the barista was incredibly rude !
did n't even get a response after i was finished paying and thanked her .
service at bakery checkout is terrible , very rude and slow service .
they are n't always on top of getting rid of expired food , either .
not impressed with this location .
cause they never remodeled it , poorly run and tired .
this is going to hurt all the other tenants in this shopping center .
's in arizona ... ... and the past few years it slowly went downhill .
the staff used to be so friendly now they seem they could care less .
yes , this place still really sucks !
it 's unfortunate because we used to really like uncle sams .
are you kidding me ?
guess not .
rather he offered me another pizza .
no thanks .
low low low .
i always get the cheese steak on wheat .
it 's never busy anymore so there is no excuse .
it 's very sad .
gives old uncle sam a bad name .
she said she would find out who it was .
ok , well you should learn customer service and building maintenance you jerk !
nothing special whatsoever .
it even looks like the wings are assorted sizes .
it was tasteless and as dry as the sahara desert .
the meat was shredded cardboard and the bun was straight out of the bag .
wish i could give negative stars .
never received the appetizer , never had my order taken .
the food is just awful .
the cheese was nonexistent .
the sweet peppers were not sweet , just bitter .
as for pizza , it is your basic bar pizza .
there is nothing wrong with going to uncle sams .
i went there tonight , but sadly this scottsdale location is out of business .
gone but not forgotten .
ca n't believe it .
my wife and i could n't be more excited !
oh yea , you have to try the chocolate cake !
walked in with my hungry , thirsty children .
mind you , there was no one waiting other than us .
when we finally do get seated , we waited for another _num_ min .
when i said `` yes , we are , you took too long . ''
run for the hills !
guess what ... no response !
they clearly do n't care about the patient .
he did n't inform me of the injury .
horrible experience !
if i could rate a zero i would !
the rest of the experience here was miserable .
took an already uncomfortable situation and made it worse .
horrible office visit !
this was done and he asked why i seemed . ''
no results were provided for the ultrasound taken that day in the office .
ridiculous , i say .
think twice ... i do n't care what his ratings may be .
after years of using this tailor , i will never go back after today .
there are too many options out there to risk ruining your good clothes .
this is my first time going here for an alteration on _num_ shirts .
i would never return here again and advise against using their services .
very shoddy , poor quality work .
i got mixed messages on if she would help or not .
i guess i 'm one of those that is totally disgusted as well .
from the doctor who you can clearly tell is not taking you seriously .
find someone else , anyone else .
it was a waste of time & money .
turns out he wasted mine .
bad dr , bad staff .
rude beyond belief and totally incompetent .
horrible service .
really horrible service .
not good medicine and not good business .
going to walgreens down the street .
why was n't i made aware of this ?
no answer could be given .
no answer could be given !
long hold , came back no one available because it is the weekend .
last months delivery was _num_ hours late and the man was really rude !
he says i am truly sorry , she needs more training !
i mean , it 's taco bell .
this building is very outdated , definitely needs an update .
the food is alright , i have n't had any issues with the ordering .
requested tomato to be added and payed _num_ cents extra to do so .
horrible food .
horrible service .
this is not healthy .
its actually really gross .
( just close your eyes and imagine a bowl of oil .
ick . )
i 'm not sure we 'll be back .
terrible food .
terrible management .
terrible time .
clearly , she forgot to input our order and then lied .
he could not believe that it was that pink in the middle .
the night started off normal .
the drinks were brought first and our dinner order was taken .
nothing seemed appetizing .
we did n't see our server for _num_ minutes .
we did n't even get our food .
did n't acknowledge the party .
after the bill came , nothing was comped .
to make up for it , i did n't leave a tip .
the management here is absolutely horrible .
they also wo n't serve a pitcher to a single drinker .
all the food besides the wings is crap .
however , other than that , stay clear .
every single take out order is wrong .
they charge for everything including ranch dressing which i feel is insulting .
i wish they would come up with more new menu items .
i 'm sure your wondering then why do i keep going back ?
i 'm trying to give them a chance .
ugh .
they do n't have any lunch specials .
we ordered a standard burger but wanted beef rather than turkey .
manager never visited until after we got our food .
very disappointed .
dirty smelly nasty !
the place is old and has not been kept up .
i can tell the owners do n't give a hoot .
it was uncomfortable and irritating .
ca n't believe of all the places .
it was my favorite place and i never had any issues until tonight .
seriously can it get any worse .
`` shit food '' is not a swear mr .
i almost feel guilty writing this review while using their wifi ... almost .
i do n't like being lied to , even on the smallest level .
secondly , they do n't accept visa gift cards ?
visa gift cards are supposed to be accepted wherever visa cards are accepted .
now i know why the place was dead !
my bad .
what a horrible attitude !
again ... that 's why you were dead !
sorry , we do n't do that here .
i tell him i 'd like to give him our feedback .
we tell derek we 're disappointed and are going to leave .
sorry , but that was my first impression .
the place is outdated and in need of a remodel .
they had the air conditioning so cold we almost left .
the wings were fatty and had very little sauce on them .
the arcade stole $ _num_ of our kids money .
at best , this place is a drinking hole .
i would n't eat there .
but the last 3-5 times , the food left much to be desired .
the quesadilla had no cheese , only chicken .
the chili is not even similar to a real chili .
worst _num_ minutes in this spot .
truly unfortunate !
the worst allergy place around .
they have alot of nerve and frankly i do n't need them .
avoid at all costs and seek allergy treatments elsewhere .
not recommended ever !
extremely rude front office .
i felt sorry for the patients trying to check in .
this gym ... is ... not exactly ideal .
and then , there 's the saturday exercise classes that change instructors every week .
not a really challenging workout , but amusing nonetheless .
anyway , i brought my car in to have them work on it .
he told me i could either pick it up or just leave it there .
i mean , my whole day was pretty much wasted .
silver lining is that i saved over $ _num_ by them doing that .
other than that , i do n't really trust them anymore .
why would n't someone call me instead of making me drive there ?
bad business .
they have the absolute worst service ever !
disgusted with this place .
first time experience here and it was horrible .
first of all , this location is impossible to find .
this place was terrible .
this has got to be the worst apartment community i 've ever lived .
everything in our apartment was in need of repair .
living in this complex was a complete nightmare .
the apartments are dirty , cheap , at least our unit is .
the apartment has a horrible smell , like mildew .
the air condition unit works very poorly .
we have the `` upgraded '' unit and it still looks horrible .
the management company says everywhere in arizona has roaches which is not true .
i would spend a little more money and go find a better apartment .
he was rude and disrespectful to myself and my daughter .
he should not be treating _num_ year olds .
was disgusted when my daughter moved in the chair .
he never explained anything he was doing .
he was disgusted when she did not know .
how rude !
that being said , i would proceed with caution when considering this provider .
needless to say , i was nervous , somewhat overwhelmed , and frustrated .
i would not recommend this office to anyone .
in the end , i received no help .
it 's unacceptable .
unfortunately , i must have been the patient that fell through the cracks .
i have left _num_ messages .
i would wait _num_ minutes and she would spend a minute or two .
she seemed unorganized and i am not planning on going back to the office .
no one needs to have a place treat them like this ever .
always the same excuses , the same bs .
oh dear god , please do n't get me started on the billing issues .
each time the end result was , `` oops , sorry about that . ''
happened about 3-4 times a week for almost a year .
nope , never .
no thanks .
their lack of respect for their patients time is disappointing .
i also dislike how i can never get through to anyone on the phone .
posted hours do not reflect actual hours of operation .
need yr records sent to you or another dr ?
unfortunately , making their turn around time really slow .
the whole office does n't even have one email address .
_num_ month waiting period average .
today , is sunday morning & _num_ of my nails have already chipped .
i probably wo n't return .
worst experience ever .
hurt like hell .
this place is horrible .
i have cuts under my nails which is very uncomfortable .
i 'm so mad because it really hurts .
my nails look horrible and not natural at all .
waste of time , money and frustration .
now my toe is sore and i ca n't put it in water !
i tried this place for the first time .
my friend and i were really disappointed .
rude staff .
i regret that decision because they were so stingy it was ridiculous !
honestly this location is the only chipotle i have ever received poor service at .
worst service ever .
they run a horrible show at night .
this location was the worst customer service i have ever had !
they overcharged me for my food .
when i went back to get refund they acted like it was my fault .
this location does not represent the company well .
usually chipotle is pretty consistent but this one more than often lacks .
staff is friendly but the quality of the food just does n't cut it .
this is the closest chipotle to my house but it is the cheapest one .
i feel like i have to beg to get a decent sized burrito !
it 's kind of ridiculous .
is n't chipotle supposed to be trying to win back their customers right now ?
paid full fare no refunds .
terrible experience !
if i could give zero stars , i would .
i should have taken my business elsewhere and regret even staying at this place .
and for a _num_ night stay thought they would provide more soap and shampoo .
steve offered the use of another pool _num_ miles away at another property .
as getting in your car and driving to a pool is so convenient .
i called nick as steve was off that day .
a major inconvenience for everyone .
this place is ridiculous !
shame on you macaroni grill !
_num_ noodles .
there was virtually no sign of the sauce or veggies i had requested .
what a horrible waste of money .
i will not be going back .
he reluctantly brought water glasses and later brought some of the complimentary bread .
do n't ask for changes or ask questions , please !
i would have sent it back at a reasonable place .
took it home , tiramisu , will taste in the am for breakfast .
fifth person had the meatballs , said they were good .
appetizers muscles were good as was the soup .
however i was told that they have gluten-free pasta and other choices .
when my bowl of pasta arrived , it had all of the above .
i originally assumed i had somebody else 's order .
except the pasta was undercooked .
the waiter did offer to get me a third bowl .
the waiter then offered us dessert to make up for the problems .
i do not intend to go back .
service was slow .
extremely slow .
took another _num_ minutes to seat our party of _num_ at a booth .
the food came out cold and nasty .
disappointed again .
the highlight of the meal was the bread .
from there , it was all downhill .
party of _num_ .
got all of the orders wrong in some way .
did n't refill drinks .
it 's a chain i should have known better .
oh my gosh , what a disaster !
no big deal , right ?
so , she placed another order and sat down to wait .
then he asks me if i want to place an order to go !
the kitchen that was utterly chaotic .
our server nowhere to be seen .
he said , the prosciutto is in there ... and left .
that is the utmost disrespect , and hence the one star .
there is no discount that makes up for that .
there was no prosciutto in there .
oh well , no more gold dust in my macaroni ... ever .
for the money , there are plenty of other italian choices .
i was incredibly unhappy with this experience .
i will probably not eat at any macaroni grill for a very long time .
the bread was n't as crusty as it used to be .
the restaurant was maybe 1/4 full and looked `` slow '' .
at 6:30pm after many apologies from the waiter that the kitchen was behind .
the only `` acceptable '' meal was the chicken marsala .
do n't recommend it .
our party was _num_ adults , _num_ kids .
another _num_ minutes passed and we got our meals .
never going back !
( will not return ) .
luckily my back was facing him it was n't hard to ignore .
i had no problems with my meal .
they are ugly !
i will never be visiting this macaroni grill again .
when we arrived , the hostess had no idea that we had a reservation .
arrived and no one was there to greet us .
waited about _num_ minutes and was seated .
noticed a whole section that the tables were empty .
did n't say anything , we just ate it .
my son did n't finish his pasta .
my husband , son , and i ordered sausage .
my husbands was a little pink .
in all my life , i have never returned a meal .
i will not be returning to this restaurant ever again .
the main course was disgusting .
the other issue is my husbands meals would be cold and mine were hot .
will not go to this place again .
food was n't good and service kind of sucked !
will not go back !
horrible service .
horrible attitude waiters .
oh and did i mention the restaurant was empty !
needless to say i will never go back to this neighborhood restaurant .
food poor at best .
slow service and very few folks eating .
we walked in and the manager looked at us three times and walked away .
this place is awful .
it took a few minutes just to be greeted by the host .
i ca n't leave a good review as we did not stay for dinner .
that 's why few cars in the lot consistently .
very disappointed .
bathrooms smelled horrible !
chicken was weird looking though .
anyhow , we were seated immediately and greeted by our server .
so it looked like he had his hands full .
after about _num_ minutes of waiting , they came out at different times .
first the mac and cheese bites .
i personally did n't like it , but everyone else said it was okay .
essentially it was just melted parmesan and mozzarella .
another app that was n't worth the high price tag .
not warm .
but cold .
my boyfriend 's cheese ravioli were still frozen on the outside .
if anything , you should be speaking with your back of house staff .
terrible service .
very disappointed .
should have looked at the reviews first , shame on me .
this franchise is barely hanging on !
bad service .
gross .
way over priced for the terrible food .
food was not good .
so salty and bland .
if there was a star for bad service ... .
i would give them _num_ .
there is no one to help anyone !
this place sucks and ca n't get anything right .
it 's _num_ and we have not received our bill !
oh he just showed up with bill !
worst service ever .
manager does n't seem to care that his servers are drowning and understaffed .
therefore , i was not able to eat there .
others were not too thrilled and let me know it .
i suppose the macaroni grill drops off of my favorite places to eat .
we were so disappointed eating here tonight .
we had to wait over _num_ minutes for our drink order to arrive .
the bill came and not one item was discounted for the poor service .
very disappointed with this restaurant .
the salad was so small and they charged $ _num_ , rip off !
we have come here for years and after tonight , never again .
no automatic bread ; we were asked if we wanted bread .
prices are up , quantity is down and quality is down .
and $ _num_ bucks for a small so-so pizza .
i do n't know why my mom wanted to come back here .
their service is really slow & the food is mediocre .
they also apparently need managers that know how to run a restaurant .
she brought them out _num_ at a time & very slowly !
the reviews at all locations are low .
very poor food .
you could only taste garlic .
paid the bill in cash and change was n't returned .
kind of gross .
the couple did n't argue , just left .
they were extremely unprofessional .
i would never return to this place again .
very rude .
although the pancakes are excellent , the breakfasts are overpriced for what you get .
even with that , the service was terrible .
once she served the customers , she would play cards with the cook .
i guess the card game was too fascinating !
i ordered an egg white omelette with vegetables and a side of buttermilk pancakes .
the omelette was terrible !
my omelette looked more like scrambled eggs sitting in melted butter .
i could n't finish more than half .
the pancakes were pretty good , but nothing special .
my boyfriend ordered blueberry waffles and said they were decent .
but , here goes .
i do not know how this place stays in business .
i 'm gon na keep this brief .
husband and i went there for breakfast on a sunday morning .
_num_ am on a sunday ?
you are charging me $ _num_ for an omelet and potatoes .
you just told me there are no potatoes .
no i will not pay extra for toast .
no i will just go home and write a yelp review instead .
omelet came , it was dry and boring .
my _num_ year old could have done better .
rip off of the year .
this owner chad is a jerk .
so arrogant and sits around on his stupid phone while others are working .
i really do n't blame the wait staff .
$ _num_ for _num_ egg .
it 's an egg with nothing in it or on it .
nothing special .
there was only one waitress for a saturday morning crowd .
that should have been my first clue .
there were only _num_ tables with patrons , so i think she was managing .
not bad , but it was your run of the mill dinner french toast .
this was our first visit and we wo n't be going back .
the food is pricey and rather average , with very greasy bacon .
there was no wait here .
there was one man waiting tables and two more in back .
is n't that a rule ?
i wo n't be going back .
it did however , come out quickly .
i never even got a chance to try the food .
very disappointing .
although my meal was discounted by half , it was still a terrible value .
the coffee pot looked like it had n't been washed in years .
impressed with a cheery hello as soon as we walked in .
ketchup bottle very very dirty , floor dirty , windows dirty .
it was a dirty place .
it was not a pleasant site .
to break it down , i would not visit them again .
the reviews were pretty mixed .
unfortunately i would say this is the worst dining experience i have ever had .
came with _num_ eggs and _num_ slices of bacon .
no big deal , we just switched plates .
my bacon was limp and my scrambled eggs were runny and smelled like fish .
my waffle was nothing special .
the potatoes in it were still hard .
the other couple outside with us mentioned their food was horrible as well .
i will never be back to see if this place gets any better .
every time its a complete mess in there .
overall , no need to return .
thank god i went with a groupon .
today 's experience was as flat as , well , a pancake !
they responded no .
this restaurant is terrible .
first of all , the place was empty on a saturday morning .
that was the first bad sign .
no explanation .
next my daughter ordered their specialty , the banana strawberry pancakes .
only problem ; no strawberries !
avoid this place .
the wait was longer then needed to be .
people were walking out , because they did not have enough help .
we will not be going back ever .
i 'm so disappointed .
the cook said `` no '' .
when a reasonable dietary request is made , why not grant it ?
do not , ever , go to this place .
my friend and i were the only people in there ( bad sign ) .
the coffee had no taste whatsoever .
the egg whites in my omelet were not completely cooked .
the `` fresh '' fruit that accompanied the omelet did n't look that fresh .
but not memorable .
no care was taken with either the preparation or presentation of the food .
this place should not be in business .
we felt very uncomfortable there and could n't wait to leave .
was our favorite place to go - now is just plain bad !
gross !
what a waste of a beautiful morning and $ _num_ .
the bread was soggy and it had no flavor at all .
the pancakes were ok , but nothing great .
when this was replaced , by the busser , no one ever apologized .
i would not recommend this place .
the bathrooms are in need of repair and are not clean either .
her sister confirmed seeing this behavior and thought it was very creepy , too .
my wife did not like the apple pancake .
my raspberry pancake was ok.
kind of small portion for $ _num_ .
coffee was good servers were ok , but the busser was more attentive .
i would not return here for breakfast .
service was very slow and it was n't that busy .
do n't waste your time here .
big mistake .
that was annoying but we continued in .
we sat down , looked over the menu , and were even more annoyed .
upon getting our food , we noticed immediately the orders were n't right .
still no sight of the food that was supposedly coming .
no apology for the wait or inconvenience .
purchased a groupon and even waited a month before trying to redeem .
i have been a long time groupon customer and have never seen that before .
in general my husband and i leave _num_ % + depending on the service .
so i guess they lost out there .
worst breakfast i have ever had !
_num_ minute wait to take our order .
i could not eat most of my meal .
this place is horrible !
we had a groupon too like so many other reviewers .
5th reason not to go : server 's appearance was not professional .
i was so angry !
i 'm convinced she just wanted to leave early .
very disappointing .
if you are n't very particular you might find it ok .
too many other places with better attitude , service and quality of food etc .
this place is closed on sunday october _num_ .
this place seems like it would be nice , but quality is awful .
it is not the best place for breakfast ... pretty mediocre .
the service is the worst i have ever seen .
the food is nothing to talk about .
my daughter 's milk did n't come out till after the food was there .
main course : i 've had better meals camping .
we felt totally ripped off when we got the bill for $ _num_ !
this is a very misleading coupon .
i went for az restaurant week .
they were very willing to make dietary substitutions .
so do n't go unless you 're prepared to sit down for a while .
save your money , go buy a fondue set and do it at home .
i just personally will not be going back .
i explained there would be a party of _num_ people dining for dinner .
no mention of the birthday we had informed them about .
we were very disappointed in the service .
overpriced for mediocre food .
nothing blew me away , except my company .
that 's when she said , this is n't what we ordered .
she said , no i meant these are the wrong sauces .
plus desert is to die for .
at the end she said you hated it , did n't you .
they were offering a special , $ _num_ for _num_ courses .
second of all , the cheese was good but not $ _num_ good .
i 'm very disappointed .
the food tasted only like the oil and batter it was fried in .
i will never dine at one of these restaurants again .
you ca n't do this place quick , its an experience .
the reason for my _num_ stars is for the poor food quality .
my biggest disappointment was the filet as it was super tough and fatty .
the restaurant was not even half full .
after waiting a about _num_ minutes , we were finally sat .
the horrible experience did not end there .
we arrived and our reservation was missing .
$ _num_ per person .
the filet mignon was not fresh at all and it has strange smell .
we have spent $ _num_ yesterday but was extremely disappointed with the food quality .
i was thinking to tell my friends to try this endless fondue at first .
very long waits between the courses with no attention from server .
you do all your own cooking here anyway so why not .
my daughter was in a group of _num_ kids going to dinner for prom .
although she said the food was good ; the service was not .
they missed the whole prom basically .
kids were disappointed !
the food it 's self was not real exciting .
my husband and his buddy had one drink and then were cut off .
anyway , it was kind of a bummer for my birthday .
unfortunately this time it was n't so great .
she kept trying to upgrade us and was very short with us .
horrible service .
when you could clearly look around and see the place was empty .
after we took our seats , the worst part began .
the server was just bad , he sucked .
he was loud and rude .
you do not get the service you pay for .
i would n't recommend this location to anyone .
stuck up , snotty .
rude staff .
never plan on going back .
while the food was good , the prices are ridiculously inflated .
$ _num_ is half my weekly budget in groceries .
sorry , this ai n't no prom date .
and i did n't even think that my meal was extraordinary !
worst melting pot in the country .
problem is service , wine list , and beer list .
worst wine list of any restaurant i have ever been too .
none of these available .
service was awful .
i asked management and they stated ownership is trying to do things different .
perhaps gordon ramsey could come do a kitchen nightmares episode here !
ruined our whole weekend and we will never be going back .
the service was annoying .
the food was mediocre , lacking any flavor whatsoever .
really , the only thing remotely tasty was the dessert .
the melting pot was terrible .
save yourself the bill and make fondue at home .
i expected so much more from this restaurant and was let down .
very disappointed in our dinner tonight .
not a fun and interactive experience at all .
that 's just wrong !
on the choice of cheap vegetables to accompany the cheese .
just very sad .
written to warn others .
for a meal if it is worth it and this was n't worth it .
people frequent this with groupon offers and do n't pay full price .
the kids it was bad and he has never done that !
make the mistake we did .
i love fondue , but i 'm not coming back to this restaurant .
apparently this does n't fit with the business model of this restaurant .
this restaurant is pretentious and overpriced .
avoid this place , there are a lot better restaurants out there .
food was just ok , not great .
i give the food _num_ stars tonight .
worse service i have ever experienced .
_num_ minutes later still no water but brings check out .
did n't even explain what was on our plates for dipping .
if you go and they say johnny is your server request someone else .
mediocre food .
bad service .
red flag # _num_ ... i should have turned around right then .
overall , a totally disappointing anniversary dinner !
the pricing for value literally is insulting .
= $ _num_ .
almost upsetting how bad that experience remains .
wrong !
the service was terribly slow with the drink order alone having taken _num_ minutes .
we will not return as price vs value and quality does not exist .
and it seems they really do not care .
the service was really professional and nice .
but it was a bit ridiculous .
the classic cheddar fondue had some bad light beer and a lot of garlic .
my daughter would n't even eat it .
anyway , i think that was a one and done thing for us .
it was comparable to airplane food .
the steak was absolutely tasteless and the cheese was just bland .
worst food i 've ever had .
had a reservation for _num_ people on easter .
then it took _num_ more minutes after our main course for the chocolate course .
what started out as something fun became a disaster .
the main course was the worst .
i wo n't be going back there at all never again .
none of this took place , of course .
after we placed our order he brought out the cheese and the dipping sides .
the bread was stale and rock hard .
my hair is naturally straight with no layers or anything else .
when i came home i was embarrassed at how my hair looked .
i would not recommend going here .
i 'm not sure why he did n't use those in the first place !
it still looks like i cut my own hair .
no , i 'm not coming back at all .
the food is okay but lacks any serious flavor .
prices totally unreasonable .
i could n't stand being there .
the machines are disgusting .
after many years of membership , i was sorry to see this happen .
rude snobby and poorly managed , this place is all about sales .
unfortunately , great facilities do n't always equal great service .
and it 's not very sanitary ? ''
do n't get a pedicure .
the staff is polite , helpful and knowledgable .
this club used to limit its offerings to healthy wraps , smoothies and salads .
decent health club but a bit outdated .
rude sales staff .
such a bad taste in my mouth i simply wo n't go back .
she called me to the window later to advise they were running behind .
i can not comment on her actual diagnosis .
i have no reason to trust it .
this facility does n't care about its patients at all .
very busy place .
maybe some vegetables .
it 's usually because i am too lazy to prepare a proper lunch .
you ca n't just buy a side of chicken breast .
there really is n't anything special about this place .
it 's grilled chicken , beef or salmon over rice .
it was very pricey for a bowl - well over $ _num_ .
for the price , there are many other choices around ( e.g .
this is nothing but fast food that tastes like cardboard .
very salty and my chicken was burnt .
the previous owners took so much pride in their food .
i get gristle in my steak bowls and inedible pieces of chicken .
not it 's ok for a change .
franchise owners should be held more responsible .
very poor food not top quality .
wrong !
but wait , it gets worse !
is this brain surgery because everyone acts like it is .
my suggestion is -- never ever use them .
worst .
she did n't even try .
ridiculous .
if i could give a lower score , i would .
the two associates working were christine and tony , i believe .
major attitude the entire time .
without a bad attitude .
shame on you for hiring such an awful associate .
and shame on christine for have such poor customer service skills .
f @ ( & this place .
go figure that this store only has _num_ star ratings .
this place is terrible for many reasons .
i needed to change my plan and they suggested the edge plan .
no surprise there .
thankfully , this is what ended up being done so i appreciate that .
for this i will never purchase anything unless it 's directly from verizon .
beyond frustrated and angry that go wireless is so shady .
however , their sub-par service is the reason why i never go there anymore .
i just cant take an hour and a half for lunch .
i would not write this review if this happened once or twice .
they consistently deliver the worst service of any restaurant i have ever been to .
they are very good at making sure they waste as much as possible .
bread is cheap .
breakfast for two with coffee was nearly $ _num_ with tip .
needless to say , i was not impressed .
the chicken was overdone , and the greens were old and wilted .
wow , what an absolute shame .
we ordered and after a wait the wrong order came to the table .
sorry guys , not coming back .
went for my mri and these folks took _num_ hours .
manager did not do anything .
yeah idiot i just checked in _num_ minutes ago ... way to pay attention .
i can assure you , he will no longer refer patients there .
the urgent care doc ordered a ct scan and referred me here .
waited over _num_ min with no explanation .
not respectful of your time .
thus , the mri was wrong on two accounts .
very disappointing !
i am very pissed off and annoyed at this company .
they only except one form of payment which is visa .
to say i am pissed off is an understatement .
i have been here twice in the past month and both experiences were terrible .
the last time i was there , they were trying to overcharge me .
so why didnt you call to let me know that before i came in ?
then after _num_ trips back i finally got my cd .
all told over _num_ hours of headache for one _num_ minute mri .
terrible customer service at this location !
are you kidding me ?
i had a procedure done in december _num_ .
as of today , no credit , no return phone call .
horrible customer service !
horrible !
( it looked as though it had been caught in a machine . )
also i have appreciated the sunday pick-up hours .
however , with my recent experience i will not be back .
i took the shirt in and was told i would receive a call .
no call .
the shirt had been cleaned before with no problem .
looked to me like damage from an iron that was too hot .
do n't take your stuff here .
they did nothing to make it better .
i expected _num_ % off the quoted price would n't you ?
i smelled scam all over the place .
after the coupon it was $ _num_ .
the texture was seriously damaged .
i am standing here as i write this .
i 've been here for _num_ min already .
they ca n't figure out how to use it .
it 's now been _num_ min and counting .
i get it , businesses are busy and i was okay with that .
unfortunately , the final impression is always the most lasting .
the muffins were bland and way too sweet and the cookies were oily .
when i walked in , i was surprised by how crowded it was .
i mean , the parking lot was pretty much empty .
when i took a look at the menu , i was underwhelmed .
there just were n't many options to be had .
that last move turned out to be a big mistake .
when my sandwich came , it was a complete disappointment .
and they ran out of napkins at lunch time .
this was my first and most likely last time i visit this chain .
neither the menu , service or management was above mediocre .
part of the problem is my fault .
sadly , the pizza 's were n't really that good either .
now , i know why it 's been _num_ years .
the menu was rather bland and disappointing .
it was a rather confusing sandwich , shall i say ?
it 's too thick for me .
very slow .
after two bites i finally threw the sandwich away .
it tasted like someone poured pickle juice on it .
the sandwich looked pretty good , but the bun was a little stale .
obviously i will never go back .
unfortunately i was told only sunday .
shame .
the second time i called ahead and the guy was rude and sarcastic .
shame on you .
how ridiculous !
then yet another rude deli employee proceeded to reluctantly take care of my order .
this chef does n't even know how to cook vegetables .
my grandmother was absolutely miserable , for the time that she was there .
you do not tip the diner workers all year round .
it is my understanding that tuscany is under new management .
they 're lucky i gave them _num_ star .
not a fan any more !
the pico de gallo was ok but not fresh and not worth ordering .
it was not real flavorful .
it did not have it .
unfortunately mine came with regular beans that were not that great .
fish tacos tasted old and definitely not fresh .
i should have sent back the meal and walked out .
the chips and dip were awesome .
there were _num_ of us and the food took a long time .
problem was they forgot alot .
wasnt disappointed cause that was close to what i expected .
probably not .
very bad service tonight !
tonight ?
terrible !
she does n't belong here !
no class !
no customer service !
no comments !
so , take their sign with a big grain of salt .
the chips & salsa are better than most .
the rest of the food was mushy and bland .
in all , i 'd only come back for the chips & salsa .
then it was downhill .
our waiter was either very awkward or arrogant .
chicken had fat on each piece and bean burrito was tasteless .
i am not sure how they can still be in business .
terrible !
so i walked out .
the restaurant was dead .
my `` steak '' tacos tasted like beef jerky .
-i will never be back .
tonight was an exception .
the mild salsa was very hot compared to how it normally is .
normally i almost drink it an put it on everything .
my mom who only eats mild salsa could n't even finish a bite .
granted , it did come out quickly and the goods was good .
waiting for the check do nearly _num_ minutes .
sorry , but have to recommend not coming here .
sad to see it go down hill .
not many patrons in the place .
ate there at lunch .
shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada lunch combo .
taco was greasy and not much flavor .
cheese enchilada was ok.
at least it was hot and cheese was melted .
do n't understand the other positive reviews about the great salsa .
i will wait an hour after my apt time just to see the vet .
ridiculous .
a few years ago this store did help us with a dog having problems .
it was ridiculous .
so , i left .
drove another _num_ miles back home .
i have had the same terrible experience as natalie .
on two occasions the front desk has done everything to avoid making an appt .
well the emergency facility was closed due to regular vet facilities being open .
my dog is everything to me and he 's _num_ now .
not the time to have your vet get flaky on you .
so me and the mr are knee deep in guest room remodeling .
someone should punch that little red head bitch in the face !
it has _num_ pieces of bacon two beef patties and two pieces of cheese .
i 've had the worst experience at this wendy 's .
i could do a long rant but i 'll make this short .
_num_ ) my _num_ year old was served a raw cheeseburger .
they walked this cow right through the damn kitchen .
this parking lot sucks .
there 's something wrong with this chain .
it 's gone downhill fast over the past several years .
the food was bland and was poor quality .
there is none .
clean place though and it was empty ... _num_ people including myself .
once i got home i opened the bag to eat my food .
so , i will definitely not be coming here again .
i try to avoid this location .
my chicken was very grimy and tasted old and disgusting .
it 's tossed in the trash .
not enough business so everything is old and not edible !
this location has the most rude employees i have ever come in contact with .
disappointed especially for being in this area .
polish so thick i have air bubbles on every nail .
completely uneven polish by the cuticles .
i would never go there again .
i wore it everyday , so where it was lost is a mystery .
honestly , the meat patties where really thin .
no unusual hamburger combos ( like blue cheese , arugula , etc ) .
no juicy beef patty .
no like !
i did n't know anyone who had ever eaten there .
so i 'm spoiled .
the overall burger taste was bland , uninspired .
the fries : again , nothing special .
the large serving was plenty -- i did n't finish them .
but i would n't make a special trip just to go to one again .
definitely not a fan !
i would not go there again .
i would not recommend nor go there again .
rude and unhelpful .
that is not cool .
worst burger experience i 've had in recent memory .
not like i remember it .
went through the drive thru with a completely empty line .
horrible restaurant .
i hate this greedy restaurant .
this is the worst place to eat food .
the bread is cardboard , the chicken is overcooked and very dry .
there is not a lot of flavor .
trust me , you dont want to bring your car here .
myself along with other people i soon learned about , have had horrible experiences .
it is really sad how poor their customer service was .
corporate is even worse and lied to my face about everything !
i am telling you , you will regret it .
i sure do , over $ _num_ more to replace a $ _num_ job .
i wish i could rate this zero stars but i ca n't .
i too have had a nightmare experience with another fletcher tire in chandler .
talking to their management does nothing .
there are too many good tire stores to ever go here .
seriously , you do n't need to go here .
had a bad car repair experience with them .
so , as it turns out i do not recommend this place .
ridiculous .
never going back to this garbage dump .
not a fan at all !
when i arrived they had no appt and acted like it was my fault .
i feel as if was ripped off by both fletcher 's and groupon !
first , im in phoenix , not nv .
broke down again the next day .
and buy another used car .
i do n't think that they even washed it as they were supposed to .
i had to tell them for _num_ minutes major areas that they had missed .
however , he was not the one doing the work .
thank god i did n't have somewhere to be after the car wash .
this place is a nightmare !
when i came to pick up my car i was not impressed .
my neighbor had taken her car there several times and said things were taken .
did n't know till she got home .
dirt left on wheels and bumper .
bad vacuuming and dry down .
well i guess that groupon is n't worth the paper it 's written on .
just recently had my car washed here .
worst i have ever seen .
really just a waste of time and money .
most people would not pay any attention and leave without knowing .
anyway , i will not be back .
we made an appointment but that did n't really seem to matter .
if you get a detail , expect to wait about _num_ hours .
but do not wait there .
abandoned soda fountain .
parts of the ceiling missing .
extremely uncomfortable chairs that are obviously designed to urge you to go away .
not a big loss however , considering their substandard work .
i had been taking my kids to this office for _num_ years .
that was my fault .
unfortunately , i had a terrible experience here .
the staff was extremely rude and inconsiderate .
this was scottsdale , wtf ?
so i paid over $ _num_ for three of us to bowl .
we will not be going back here again .
with _num_ kids that age - we barely got in _num_ games .
not good if you care about your score .
lastly , this place is not cheap .
not a good value at all .
bottom line : it was not worth it and just plain not enjoyable .
very slow service when ordering food as usual .
the worker was rude as could be .
no thanks .
paid $ _num_ for _num_ people to bowl _num_ games .
be careful of hidden charges ( very small print ) for parties .
under new ownership and the prices have gone through the roof .
this place is not worth the money !
rip off !
i could hardly believe it .
poor service provided by the scheduling staff .
we arrived early , checked in , and then sat for over an hour .
no other physician approached us to resolve the problem .
given the timing presented we would have been at the clinic _num_ hours !
and i could not stay .
never mess with a patient who has gone through the prep .
you are hungry , thirsty , not mention the day before prep .
yet , the staff did nothing .
they allowed my husband to leave .
neither one of us would recommend this physician to anyone .
warning do not go here !
check out all the complaints on the internet about trend time toys .
the chips were stale and thick gross had a strange flavor .
scratch my last review .
i was really disappointed at my last visit .
well , guess what , i wo n't be frequenting the ones who do .
our total bill was $ _num_ plus tip .
no way , jose .
hey , al , feel free to comment .
this is no mexican restaurant .
first , the chips are like paper , flavorless , cold , stale .
the salsa is partially made from canned tomatoes and taste like it .
trader joe 's sales out of a bottle is better .
next the beans too are lack flavor other than a lot of salt .
do they apologize for getting wrong ?
whoever makes those recipes out to be fired .
i would still like to try the mushroom enchilada .
if that 's a fail then i wo n't be going back .
in fact , the food was even better three days later as leftovers .
do n't ask why , some food is just like that .
the service , however , was not so good .
not too impressed , there are much better mexican restaurants around .
the salsa is pretty bad .
they replaced the salad and still charged me for it .
my husband 's family has been going to this restaurant for quite a while .
not anymore !
not great salsa and not a lot of options for the vegetarian .
oh well , ok place for a quick lunch .
sad to say , ajo al 's continues to slide downhill .
my first visit to ajo al 's .
you will only be ignored and lied to .
i ate here and was in the bathroom three times .
the meat on the inside was ok , but i could n't finish it .
wo n't be coming back here again .
horrible service and hot drinks .
would n't recommend to anyone .
walk into the bar and sit down .
no bartender ?
get sat finally , no server anywhere to take my order ?
we had the worst meal today that either of us can remember .
the taco had a hard thick tasteless shell .
the tamale was the worst .
it was so wet that it just fell apart .
the chili relleno lack any flavor and was essentially a chili with melted cheese .
we were so disappointed .
uninspired restaurant chain mexican food .
too many great places to go in scottsdale .
do n't waste your time or money here .
wow -- terrible experience .
appalling .
one of the worst `` dining '' experiences i 've ever had .
not because of the food but the service is terrible .
plus , the seats were dirty and one was ripped .
plus no music etc .
never going back to ajo al again .
long time customer for several years but no more .
so bizarre .
i ca n't even imagine what the kitchen looks like .
the worst thing about this place is all the food .
this was the worst service i have ever received .
when asked about tortillas , mercedes the server said get your own tortillas .
she was rude , unprofessional , and very sarcastic .
horrible customer service !
he then hung up on me .
one of the plastic ends was missing and no gift .
will never use this store for shipping again .
they seem very unorganized .
they sometime even blew it off completely !
this is just to name a few problem that occurred while renting from them .
the interior amenities were very cheap .
the cabinet doors would frequently come off .
i would not recommend this place .
they 're a nightmare to rent from .
i would not return here unless there was nothing else available .
it was pretty bland , very little flavor .
biggest complaint i had with this place is the cleanliness .
floor was pretty dirty and the legs of the chairs were gross .
he explained that he does not accept those .
i guess i just did n't get it .
the sandwich was good , but not worth the price of $ _num_ .
i can see extra for avocado or bacon , but not the basic veggies .
forget it , they will forget to bring them .
its disappointing .
the lady who took my order has horrible customer service .
i walk up and her greeting was `` what do you want ? ''
first impression : not so great .
the lady that did take my order was less than friendly .
i ordered half a roast beef sandwich with a garden salad .
i did not want money just an exchange .
the clerk was rude and they have lost a customer .
when i checked out , the cashier was rude .
however they did charge me $ _num_ !
zero stars !
this is a fifteen minute appointment factory and i was nothing but a number .
one of the worst front office staffs ever in medical history .
patients are treated poorly and totally disrespected .
bad experience .
was not able to even get an appointment .
never called me .
i called back , got a busy signal .
called again , it rang _num_ times , and i hung up .
too much work .
they are almost completely incompetent .
if you are looking for a pain doctor , i would look somewhere else .
dr k did not help me at all with my back pain .
i live _num_ minutes away from the office .
i also was in no shape to drive .
it is now _num_ days later and still no response regarding that .
they do n't answer their phones or you get an answering service.
this is unacceptable for patients in pain having to experience this .
he told me to c , which i did .
this is the worst service i have ever encountered from a physician 's office .
he was so hyped up like he was on speed .
i feel that the staff in this office is very incompetent .
i have tried it _num_ or _num_ times before i decided to go elsewhere .
it is pricier than other places i have tried before .
is n't sad when people do n't listen and then guarantee their service .
i will not be back .
this place is close to my office , but i 'd never been before .
my bagel had no chew whatsoever .
worst breakfast burrito for too much money .
for $ _num_ - basically scrambled eggs and a flour tortilla .
no bacon and could not taste the cheese .
the salsa was the horrible nyc type .
not really my cup of tea .
i am surprised by all of these great reviews .
no comparison whatsoever !
just regular cream cheese , nothing fancy cost me $ _num_ .
just butter is a $ _num_ up charge .
i also ordered a small cesar salad which was another disappointment .
no other flavors besides oil and vinegar so it was not appetizing at all .
it was so oily looking that my breakfast companion noticed and asked about it .
i ate two bites before i had to push it away .
we agree with others that the bagels are average , definitely not superior .
never mind the customers i guess .
not overly clean and not much attention given to the ambiance .
we ordered _num_ lox bagels with eggs for $ _num_ each .
the bagel was small , no additions were served .
we have had a bad experience with this place .
i was not very impressed with their staff nor the food .
sadly , this is not that place .
the bagels tasted like wonder bread .
you can get better nova at costco .
way too high given the mediocre food .
_num_ croissant and _num_ cinnamon roll costs over $ _num_ .
very disappointed since i am new to phoenix .
i do n't know how other reviewers gave _num_ stars .
everything has always been ok , but not great , especially for the price .
so do n't go thinking you 'll get einstein 's prices for equivalent grub .
you 'll be disappointed .
but the lox special is the only thing that does n't change price .
i swear everything else goes up _num_ every time we visit .
i really did n't recognize anyone .
never again will i go in this place , the prices are outrageous .
i 'm not impressed and probably wo n't go back .
ugh .
not impressed by this place .
first of all , they were slow .
the staff was simply rude to us .
moreover , it was $ _num_ !
no no no ... all i have to say is no .
this is too far from it .
they get _num_ stars vs. _num_ for being local .
coffee was terrible , again stale .
no thanks .
lame for the price we paid .
then when it came out it was wrong .
then they proceed to change my order .
it 's not mcdonald .
i did n't bother to tell them to change it .
i would have given them a negative star .
how many times can you fuck up an order of two eggs and sausage .
not a good sign .
unfortunately , not the case .
we will not be going back .
even with a coupon this place is expensive .
i did n't realize until afterwards that their lox is pretty pricey .
unfortunately the quality appears to have gone down over the last couple months .
overall grossed me out and made it difficult to enjoy my meal .
so , i went to the pizza ... .
i took a bite and was thoroughly disappointed .
strike _num_ !
i paid my bill and left disappointed .
in fact , there 's nothing really `` good '' about this place .
arrogant and rude !
we got sick of waiting , left money on the table and walked out .
do n't waste your time & money !
if there was zero stars i 'd have selected it .
worst service ever !
i also called to tell a manager about our experience and he did nothing .
the interior of the restaurant is your typical sports bar/restaurant .
the wooden booth was slightly less comfortable than a park bench .
their dishes are much too salty and many of the things were soggy .
the buffalo chicken was so soggy it wilted the lettuce .
the focaccia and fries that came with it were soggy as well .
in reality , i was there because i was hungry .
nothing like focaccia bread .
not good .
sweet potato chips were bland .
beer was cold .
terrible customer service !
i had some drinks and appetizers , one of them being some wings .
i used to love zipps but i am never going back .
wings are ok but overall i hate zipps .
i also i feel the beer should be cheaper .
the chips were a little burned .
i ordered a focaccia with balsamic sirloin , mushroom , onion , and cheese .
sounded good , but it just tasted like balsamic grease .
the sweet potato chips were ok , but again no salt and pepper .
the food was disappointing to say the least .
service was incredibly slow .
that 's not ok !
unfortunately , zipps has lost my business .
i 'm appalled by the lack of integrity by this place .
not anymore .
worst place ever !
gross .
this place will never get my business again .
save your money , go elsewhere .
truly rude and definitely incompetent .
the problem was there were no heaters outside , no wonder it was empty .
fifteen of my friends left and went elsewhere because it was too cold outside .
this location though is seriously lacking .
we went with a party of _num_ and it was n't very busy .
we were seated right away but man was our service bad .
she was rude , slow and generally did n't care for the customer .
i 'm not making this up .
all of our food was cold when received it .
this place is terrible .
the first sip was like drinking a sugar mix .
the chicken fingers were okay , nothing special .
it looked like a turkey wrap .
it was not focaccia bread .
ummm no it was more like a tortilla bread wrap of some sort .
it was so dry we could n't eat it .
we asked her for more mayo and she brought out honey mustard .
neither of us could really eat that wrap , it was freaking terrible .
not appetizing .
so , my friend and i payed the bill with our money .
because you seem to be upsetting a lot of people in this town .
worst food and service ever .
my boyfriend is nicer than i am .
seriously , i doubt my cat would 've eaten it .
the place was pretty empty .
the waitress finally came by , and had a really bad attitude .
i will definitely not be coming back to this place .
i love zipps wings but the service stinks at this place .
so disappointed with this place .
no major complaints .
not a big issue .
my wife , however , ordered a chicken club .
not dark brown , black .
she sent it back .
_num_ minutes later , new sandwich came out .
tasted sour , almost as if the oil in the fryer was never changed .
and also their breading is dark before they cook the patty .
this time , however , the service was mediocre at best .
terrible service - waited an hour for our food .
the service was awful .
we waited _num_ minutes for our first drink .
went the other night , wo n't be back .
apparently a lot more difficult than i thought .
i gave it to my boyfriend - because i will not be back .
i was a loyal customer for over _num_ years .
i had high hopes for this place but my recent experience was terrible .
if i could give zero stars i would .
i do not recommend anyone to go here .
when i brought it back , he said it would cost me more money .
this place is not worth the disrespect you will get .
i also wish i could give zero stars .
you can not sleep .
i have seen worse .
pest control came but found no other bugs .
however , there was nothing spectacular about this hotel .
i was similarly disappointed with the workout room .
it was small , stuffy , and poorly equipped .
terribly disappointed with the staff and the offerings at this hotel .
we stayed _num_ nights and woke up disappointed .
the coffee was awful and the fruit was out of season and not ripe .
this hotel was rated poorly based on price and value .
is it possible to leave negative stars ?
ok , next appt .
i get back to see dr .
they cancel _num_ hrs .
it 's 4:30 apt was at 2:00 .
_num_ patients ahead of me .
that surgery in seattle , although a failure was a very simple recovery .
i would n't use this guy for anything .
there are far more doctors with the same level of experiences .
there are definitely much better choices for the money in scottsdale .
the coordinator didnt seem to care if i booked there or not .
not a feeling you should let your client 's feel .
there are so many places out there , you should be fighting for business .
for money not a very good deal .
course was ok but nothing special .
the driving range is a mess .
worst experience ever .
horrific customer service skills there .
company in at night .
they have no compassion or kindness for people who live there .
they do n't even want to talk to you .
they also kick me out of the clubhouse because i was upset .
horrific customer service skills there .
they have no compassion or kindness for people who live there .
they do n't even want to talk to you .
they are horrible !
this was the place for me !
annoying ... .
also , the installation was horrible !
however , for the longest time the back pool was closed !
my car was stolen from the assigned cover parking spot .
office staff not helpful at all .
but the one i have does n't even have a delicate cycle .
it was very inconvenient and annoying , but that is resolved .
it is very frustrating and annoying .
they just do n't do a good job anymore .
for all we knew , it was going to take _num_ months .
but perhaps august is not the best month to schedule these guys ?
there 's just nothing that we can do about it . ''
not here .
i was required to pay $ _num_ just for my cat .
the other $ _num_ is theirs to keep .
a majority of these problems are maintenance related .
it just went downhill from there .
you probably slammed the door , be careful next time , dont do that .
he said well , a guest is locked out so you have to wait .
dont they have a fix it guy for issues like this ?
at night you can sit by their nice large fire pit in comfy seating .
they did not even come close to being concerned .
i could not recommend this hotel for this reason .
i was not impressed with this clinic .
the staff was not very friendly .
we recently started taking our cats to this vet .
i recently adopted another kitty to keep our younger kitty company .
this was _num_ weeks ago .
the vet said that someone tried to call _num_ times .
i did not see a single call missed or taken from them .
and needless to say , we will never be using their services again .
however , his office over billed me .
that 's ridiculous !
i would have saved $ _num_ !
i guess that 's the only decently priced item .
on top of that , rude service .
i wo n't be back here , how are they even in business ?
$ _num_ for _num_ shirts , _num_ pants and _num_ sweater ?
$ _num_ ?
run fast and far to another cleaner , any other cleaner !
i could have replaced multiple pieces for far less .
i was not impressed in the least with this dentist .
my wife had the same experience .
if you want a dessert latte go to mcdonalds .
terrible service , mediocre food !
waiter left us without drinks for _num_ minutes or more .
when the food arrived it was not worth the wait .
i did n't even finish it .
the place was n't busy ... maybe half full , if that .
as chart house locations go , this one is hit & miss .
this was so bad !
service was exceptionally slow .
poorly trained servers .
waited _num_ minutes for water , _num_ minutes for appetizer .
_num_ another _num_ minutes for entrees .
lobster portion was skimpy .
i would have refused to pay for entrees .
and i have never done that in _num_ years of dining out .
food ok but bad operation .
but this place charges too much for the applebee 's style service .
staff was awful and worthless .
shrimp was cold , salmon was cold , fries were cold .
three diners sent their plates back .
not hot .
the waiter apologized , the manager apologized .
the macadamia crusted mahi was simply so-so .
portions small and seafood not its freshest .
ambiance was nice but a little dated in the lighting and furniture .
the food was overpriced .
house takes tips from waiters then charges you again .
be sure to check your receipts .
the waiter was great but very embarrassed for the menu switch .
will never return to this place .
we did not get any compensation for how disgusted my friends and i felt .
actually , covering the entire meal may not have been enough either .
gross !
the staff was rude and the food was not worth the price .
did i mention that it is march in phoenix and _num_ degrees .
that being said the discounted our $ _num_ bill by $ _num_ .
the waiter i had at this restaurant was absolutely awful .
i had a party of _num_ on a slow night .
he was overall just very awkward and provided bad service .
the fish did not taste fresh and made me feel sick .
i could have a better salad at super salad .
last night we had the worst dining experience ever !
why did n't he help out if they were short staffed ?
do n't know if we will ever come back .
sad , as we have been loyal customers for over _num_ years .
holy mother of god , this place ai n't cheap .
well , i 'm signing off on this joint .
the waiter took our drink order , then returned ten minutes later .
the appetizers came out but not b & b .
although , a few dollars less expensive during hh , they were bland .
we were seated and our server joe took our orders promptly .
we both ordered dirty gin martinis and bread was brought out promptly afterwards .
finally after i would say was _num_ to _num_ minutes we received our drinks .
the entire timing of how they brought our food was pretty poor overall .
after finishing our salads , they brought out our entrees .
my prime rib however was nowhere remotely close to be cooked medium rare .
nothing to write home about .
i would say avoid this place like the plague .
we were seated and were given menus .
when they finally arrived they were luke warm .
needless to say , there were returned again .
the mashed potatoes were cold .
we were not going to send them back to the microwave .
the bill was delivered but the dirty dinner dishes were never removed .
suffice it to say the whole evening was a disaster .
my mother-in-law found that her crab cakes were overwhelmed by the accompanying vegetables .
but , my husband 's experience was terrible .
it arrived undercooked and cold .
she took it away and did n't return for at least _num_ minutes .
meanwhile his mother and i finished our meals .
our check was about $ _num_ per person .
the fresh fish selection is horrible .
the worst part ?
i ca n't believe they actually charge extra for it now .
do n't waste your money on this joint .
chart house sucks .
horrible experience .
the hostess was rude and incompetent .
the caesar was drenched in dressing and not tossed .
the server checked back late upon original service and too late for drink refills .
the others were mediocre .
the macadamia crusted shrimp were good , but very tough .
the chicken was immediately sent back to the kitchen .
no one was blown away by any of the meals .
the desserts came out , they were ok .
i have experienced much better meals at red lobster for much less money .
then she told me to sit at the bar .
my table was ready but she was n't .
attitudes are awful .
it was _num_ % empty by the way .
if you want to enjoy a meal for your money , go elsewhere .
it seems the staff would appreciate it if you did .
really disappointed in the food and the service .
i had a shrimp trio and the shrimp were very small and lacked flavor .
for the prices they charge , you 'd expect top-notch .
we had to add salt to our king salmon , which was $ _num_ .
my _num_ yr old could 've made it better .
presentation was bad too .
they are basically average dishes that are significantly over-priced .
not very busy , but yet waited forever for our drinks .
and then one drink order was wrong .
ordered salads , finally after _num_ minutes we asked what the problem was .
waited another half hour for food , again no explanation .
had the baked shrimp , pretty dry .
do n't think so .
that 's an extra $ _num_ .
i doubt they were even fresh .
i thought she was getting sick .
the service was fine but nothing special .
disappointing .
this was not the case .
i fail to see the professionalism that one would associate with such an establishment .
terrible terrible service , he 's in the wrong profession .
i was very disappointed with the food .
the prices were top of the line and the food was mediocre .
i will be spending my money elsewhere .
now let me be honest , the food was horrible !
we were very disappointed !
they boxed up the leftovers and we went home feeling very disappointed .
when we got home , we realized what they really think about their customers .
probably the reason the restaurant was fairly empty .
nothing to write home about .
it was an odd mix of bridge club and bar star .
my last visit we ordered the artichoke dip with chips .
you really want it to be better than it is .
the ambiance is very stale .
the food tasted like cafeteria food very average .
years and omg too much plastic surgery over there !
the woman returned , no greeting , no smile , no nothing !
she just picked up menus & said , `` this way . ''
she said nothing , just walked us out the door to the patio .
our server was fabulous but that has n't changed my opinion of this place .
you have a mediocre product .
very disappointing .
so we waited over _num_ minutes for a host or hostess .
she was totally rude and sarcastic .
he was upset that he was treated so poorly we ended up leaving .
just from the staff not knowing how to treat customers .
thumbs down on service and attitude .
i would never buy anything from them again !
terrible !
so i wrote them a check for _num_ .
i went into the store and was greeted by a really pushy sales lady .
she said she would call me the following week to check up .
i would not recommend this place !
and to be frank , no one at the hotel seemed to care .
and to be frank , no one at the hotel seemed to care .
this has to be the worst service i have ever seen at hyatt .
will not be back here again .
long story short , the hotel ended up taking care of our resort fee .
the front desk was rude .
i had to wait _num_ hours to check in .
i did n't even get my drink replaced .
keep in mind this is about _num_ yards away .
so why ask me if it 's ok ?
this was unacceptable .
what was a biggie was the room service trays lined up along the hallway .
that is bad for this type of resort .
only issue here was the rude bartender for our big dinner event .
scottsdale has too much to offer to try this hotel again .
no call , no email , no text message -- nothing .
no excuse for such poor service .
i 'm not sure what happened there .
not fun when you are stuck paying absurd prices for drinks and food .
i blame the major lack on the management .
he has no business in the service industry .
sorry i just had to .
no server carried any cash and it takes forever to get your change back .
i 've had better reception from the front desk staying at a holiday inn .
rude people run the front desk and security .
avoid .
beds not as comfortable as they should be .
poor .
hyatt trying to save money ?
beds poorly made .
but this imho is a management issue .
lack of standards and possible budget restrictions .
not inexpensive .
this is not an experience location .
the staff are friendly but not so helpful .
the rooms are dusty and do n't feel clean .
oh and the beds are super uncomfortable and so as the pillows .
the food is pricey and not really worth it .
we left the hotel to go to another pool .
cleanliness throughout the resort must not be a priority .
also the pool area is not _num_ hours , they close at 11pm .
the resort seems extremely understaffed .
i waited _num_ minutes just to check in .
maybe you should add some garbage areas around the guest room areas .
a standard king room would be comfortable for _num_ to _num_ guest .
i am a hyatt platinum card holder ... .
we never got our room maid up in the two nights we were there .
you could tell housekeeping is not very detailed there based on the room .
needless to stay , would not return here and their staff needs some training .
spent two nights here and checked out early .
for $ _num_ a night we expect much better .
like i said , the resort is flat out gorgeous .
- the room service and food options are limited .
just weird .
no pizza , yet they have an italian restaurant .
no wings .
this was the only gem of the place .
the grounds were well cared for but the hotel itself was underwhelming .
it took me several days to get the money back .
i do n't think its a good system .
it came just barely pink with no red to it and dried out .
but the real reason for my _num_ stars is my room .
the rest of our _num_ night stay , the room smelled like feet .
you know , that old gym nasty smell .
which explains why the cleaning smell was so strong .
the bathroom design was poor considering this is a high end hotel .
after all , my wife 's company was picking up the bill .
$ _num_ in camera gear stolen from my room .
they charge for parking .
i have complained to management no comment , , , left my business card .
this is not downtown nyc or la .
my neighboring rooms were the ones they apparently use to accommodate people with dogs .
speaking of the room , it in itself was fine .
there was nothing special or magnificent about it .
but i think it was the paid parking that offended me the most .
requested that we push the receipt button , but nothing happened .
nothing - no follow up - nothing .
it was terrible - not relaxing at all .
but no customer service .
called to confirm down free room .
a room with down pillows and down comforter !
in az no less .
completely ruined our staycation !
too bad it 's all ruined !
they would not transfer me to anyone higher .
completely ruined our staycation !
too bad it 's all ruined !
i would think twice about booking this again .
at $ _num_ a night i was expecting organization and class .
there was also no microwave in this room .
rather a low class , trashy crowd .
i spent thousands of dollars on his meds , blood tests and monthly visits .
they also do n't work with you , it 's all about money !
they do n't care about you as a patient .
did n't feel that he had my best interest at heart .
do not trust his on line advertising .
complete waste of your money and time !
this one does not , only your $ $ $ .
this food does not taste like chinese food back east .
the food is ok , not great .
i am especially disappointed in their delivery times .
cold .
the food is already bland , then to deliver it cold ?
and they do n't even apologize .
anyways , should have tried someplace else .
every meal i 've had here gets worse and worse .
tonight , the service was spectacular for how horrible it was .
my wife always says , `` i do n't trust yelp . ''
unfortunately , my wife was right .
upon entering , the decor is pretty mediocre , not too much chinese character .
but at that point , we did n't have any food .
finally , my wife got up and walked to the hostess desk .
it was mediocre .
absolutely the worst customer service !
my experience was terrible .
i had two separate orders because i was ordering for another co-worker as well .
they would also split the delivery charge to _num_ on each bill .
not bad , but not good either .
i did not get anything like i would consider orange chicken .
it was okay tasting and a little on the cold side .
i will not be back .
guess i should have known when it was empty at lunch time .
so we are staying at a local resort and called for a delivery .
now let 's move on to the food terrible !
seen on here biggest egg rolls around , panda has bigger then this crap .
pork fried rice bland .
and the prices for the quality and portions is a joke .
do n't waste your money on this place !
is n't rice cheap ?
i do n't know why they are so stingy with it .
this place is hit or miss !
the driver called me two different times for my address and cross streets !
they gave me a _num_ % discount and that was it !
ridiculous !
with a $ _num_ tip , the total came to $ _num_ .
pretty ridiculous , but i guess you pay for convenience .
however , the food was not good .
the worst was the chicken fried rice .
the odor was unbearable and the chicken looked inedible .
i did n't even want to feed it to my dog .
there is very little meat in anything .
very disappointing .
the name should be garlic with some vegetables and _num_ bites of chicken .
i drove _num_ minutes to pick it up ... .
literally over _num_ hours .
delivery was _num_ minutes late .
chicken was over fried .
delivery person was not friendly .
not sure where they put the egg .
no need to go back regardless of how close .
just nasty .
the white rice was low quality and also dried out .
we will not try this restaurant again .
they have horrible customer service .
the food is `` average '' and there is n't anything special about it .
probably the worst customer service ever .
when we pulled up the driveway to check in , it seemed promising .
there were lots of trees and flowers , and everything looked really clean .
the bad part started when we went in to check in .
just a lost opportunity to please the customer !
so , you ask , were there any positives ?
otherwise , avoid it .
until a $ _num_ per day fee was added to my bill .
the resort is n't really great either .
seems like anyone can get a _num_ star rating .
overall , i would n't stay here if i could avoid it .
priceline and all partner hotels , that resort fee is a scam .
properties should n't charge extra for the use of their amenities .
shame on you .
parking was a disaster .
unfortunately , we did not stay longer than an hour !
the hotel itself had character with an old southwestern decor .
this time we waited about _num_ minutes but no call back .
i 've stayed here several times over several years .
( more thoughts on the resort fee at the end . )
but that does n't make it ok .
if the fee is per rooms , it should be built into the price .
otherwise , it is annoying .
the resort is dated and in need of updating .
only _num_ towels were provided for a party of four .
the beds were not comfortable .
it would have been nice to have some outside the bar .
this facility is over rated and not reliable .
came with chips , fried potatoes and something else i ca n't recall .
cell phone reception was totally gone .
i use sprint and heard that overall sprint in phoenix can be very spotty .
not likely to return here anytime soon by choice .
the buffet was a disgrace and all the servers looked miserable .
too bad since we usually give at least _num_ percent !
bottom line : horrible service , horrible food , absolute waste of money .
this restaurant gives the resort a bad rep .
however , we were both disappointed in this one .
the bathroom was outdated .
if you want quiet , do n't get a room facing the courtyard .
did n't seem like management cared .
cold and all business which is efficient but not welcoming .
probably will not return to this place .
not very impressed for a resort .
plus the spa is very small .
i will not be returning , that 's for sure .
front desk employee did n't care much about my complaints .
my experience at the hotel was not good .
i wo n't be coming back .
the bathroom was remodeled and pretty but the tub did n't drain properly .
the hummus was completely tasteless and it came with stale pita bread .
pita chips are crunchy .
this was just plain hard pita bread .
food arrived quickly and it was hot .
so , overall , the experience was alright , only .
the groupon deal cost $ _num_ so i was expecting more for the price .
even with the $ _num_ food voucher .
it 's just this old hallway and time room .
sitting out by the pool today and it sucked .
the food was horrible and took _num_ minutes .
not pleased at all .
avoid getting a car from this hotel location at all costs !
but i would never trust these hotel locations especially the scottsdale resort location .
the staff is unhelpful and rude .
ugh i hate to do this , but i have to .
this was not a good thing .
we did sleep very well for _num_ nights .
the staff was relatively nice but inept .
mediocre food , mediocre service , high prices .
avoid .
the rooms are dark and dingy with low ceilings .
the bathtub looked like someone washed engine parts in it .
the sink sprayed directly at the front of my pants .
just really bad for the price , location and expectations .
i booked this hotel on hotwire .
star rating is wrong .
rooms are very outdated .
hotel not clean .
i was disappointed to say the least .
overall , not impressed with this place based on the price they want .
that 's why they call themselves a resort i guess .
gross !
this is disgusting and unsanitary .
furnishings in the room are old and should be updated .
the staff is completely incompetent .
the hotel website does not function with mobile phones for group reservations .
the hotel claimed nothing could be done .
this hotel needs to be sold and have a complete makeover of the rooms .
okay , not really , but the rooms are really worn down .
do n't let the pictures on their website fool you .
our room was n't ready until 6:30pm .
horrible customer service .
rooms are quite dated .
what the hell ?
constantly hear air compressor pump and walls are very thin .
disappointed and wo n't stay again .
this resort could not have been further from four stars !
there was no cover on one of the outlets .
i walked in .
no one was at the desk .
no one .
the linen closet has a big freakin heater tank in it .
possibly the worst apartment complex in town .
staff is rude and unprofessional , not to mention extremely unorganized .
whatever you do , do not move into these apartments .
the neighbors toilet runs and it sounds like its coming from our bathroom .
the neighbors water leaked and left spots in the ceiling as well .
do n't care about the customer at all .
it was recommended by the staff at the hotel where i am staying .
i think she got nervous , maybe he was rushing her .
will not be back .
come on ... you are not this popular to turn away customers .
taking my business down the street .
do n't bother coming here very unfriendly staff .
not sure if anyone is running this business .
i have never experienced this reaction to anything before .
this burger king ruined it for me for all burger kings forever .
disgusting and i threw the whole thing away .
nasty .
disgusting !
took _num_ bites and dumped it all in the trash .
they charged me without asking and charged me for two .
terrible .
probably all beef but who knows .
maybe left over from the day before or frozen ?
i sent an e-mail on the corporate web site and never received a reply .
bad customer service to i guess .
so i turn to yelp to let others know .
they spend tons on these commercials and then drop the ball .
they said they only make _num_ muffins in the morning .
if you are running low , then make some more .
terrible customer service .
low portion , they didnt even gave me water while i was waiting .
this is a bit obvious on almost every employee here .
not gon na come back again .
totally disappointed !
there was a little salad of dressed greens on the side .
the menu was the same as before but the quality sure was missing .
my wife felt so uncomfortable we had to leave .
i went to pick up my dresses and gave them my name .
totally ruined my day !
hate this place !
being from nyc i 'm very biased when it comes to chinese food .
the shady practices come in when i placed an order to go .
total , $ _num_ .
to my surprise joyful took the liberty of charging me $ _num_ !
they 've lost a customer .
unfortunate because it took me a year to find adequate chinese here in az .
this has to be one of the worst restaurants in scottsdale .
the food is just pitiful .
not cool .
even the fortune cookie was sub par .
like my grandma used to say , `` soap is cheap '' .
the food is barely mediocre .
so i joined desert schools instead .
if this is an improvement , their old one must have involved punch cards .
it takes forever to run a deposit , even a single check .
if i could give negative _num_ stars , i would .
- their email does not work .
professional , eh ?
this is ridiculous .
i am so beyond pissed at desert schools .
i refuse to deal with them anymore .
my mobile checking deposit was turned off without warning .
cash for coin though ?
i 'm glad i did n't need them for a gift .
i 'd really like to give them a better rating .
sorry though , just ca n't do it .
his staff did register me .
customer service fail .
only then did they pay attention .
ordering a part for a gun was another _num_ month ordeal .
but it seems that their customer service gets worse with every single visit .
i find that very frustrating , and a bad business move .
but i find myself ordering more and more stuff on of the internet .
i bought elsewhere , for cheaper no less .
customer service is garbage .
but i guess with all the people using its bound to happen .
thats were the good stops though .
so maybe that is another plus .
i 've taken friends and family there to shoot .
hell i even got to shoot a machine gun for my birthday !
they are high priced so that is a little ding on them .
but it 's maybe _num_ - _num_ and that 's it .
then in october ( _num_ ) , i was double billed again .
he came out and i explained the situation and showed him the bill .
very disappointed and feel like they stole from me .
in full disclosure , i have never actually been to the scottsdale gun club .
and after my attempts to contact them , i doubt i ever will .
my husband went with a buddy before christmas , and talked about a membership .
neither emails nor telephone calls were answered .
wow , what a far cry from my last experience !
i tell him i want to check in to the range .
he asks if i 'm a member ; i say i 'm not .
so i left .
that 's too bad .
with that kind of treatment i have no problem taking my business elsewhere .
they ignore customers and act very condescending .
mike , ( tall skinny guy ) .
wtf , would of been nice to have known prior to ordering .
the customer service rep said they `` dropped the ball '' , really ?
the selection is _num_ stars imho , but the customer service gets _num_ stars .
i completely agree with the review that talked about the poor customer service .
`` you 're not worthy '' just about sums it up .
rude customer service and silly customers drives off the serious gun owner .
the legal instructor was rude , and unprofessional .
this is a typical scottsdale establishment .
open _num_ days .
almost every time i go in there they are cold and unfriendly .
overall a very disappointing experience .
i doubt i would trust making such arrangements in this facility again .
aside from that there is nothing positive about this place .
the prices are a good _num_ to _num_ % higher then anywhere else .
consider me a former customer .
i did this for about _num_ minutes .
the store condition is terrible , there are never any carts !
the receipt even stated that the transaction was done _num_ minutes beforehand !
it 's not worth the drama !
the parking lot was packed , there were grumpy folks looking for spots .
bakery staff not friendly or helpful at all .
they act like they do n't need your business .
picked the cupcakes up and i could 've done a better job at home .
wish the bakery could get their act together .
is n't that what a deli is all about ?
this store continues to go downhill .
it 's the one that does n't have any cheese on it .
i guess the bottom line is they just do n't care .
horrible service at this store .
completely unnecessary .
buying organic milk is also a hit or miss .
is it really that difficult to manage inventory ?
do n't employee get trained ?
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
the night staff could use some customer service training .
if i could give it a zero , i would .
they would not call him , knock on his door or anything .
i found someone to shut the alarm off .
another time my dog and i got sick after being in the grass there .
she would not return my calls .
so i dropped some of my towels off .
uh , stealing dirty towels ?
this place used to be very customer oriented .
not anymore .
also , the clientele is getting more and more questionable .
i had a suite , but it was not very sweet .
the bed smelled like my old roommate 's closet ... musty and dirty .
i did n't really expect better , but that 's my review .
unbelievable .
people like that should not be in the service industry .
for the price i paid it should have been a little nicer .
they turned out terrible .
at the end i paid $ _num_ for a draft that i hated .
things go to where they need to but even that was confusing for the .
i left in a hurry and submitted a complaint on line later that day .
little respect for your time .
_num_ stars because they 're decent guys , just not stoked to work here .
terrible .
staff sent fax for us at a rate of $ _num_ per page .
took _num_ minutes for them to fax _num_ pages .
terrible !
i needed customer stickers for an award board asap .
they guaranteed them they 'd be ready within _num_ hours .
worst fedex i 've ever dealt with .
i will not set foot back in this one .
horrible customer service .
rude and very unprofessional .
so _num_ would be past due by _num_ days every month .
just like another shoe place i reviewed , it 's a hit or miss .
this time it was a big miss .
i wish i could say something good about these guys .
yeah , there were some issues but nothing awful .
by the time i saw it it was permanently damaged .
the owner refused to take responsibility .
do not see him for an independent medical exam .
i walked in and was paired with an available salesman on the floor .
but ok , not a big deal .
i put my phone away and went back to looking at my options .
so he continued to stand by me as i looked at the selection .
meanwhile , a line of people piled out the door about _num_ deep .
this place was a mess .
dirty tables , dirty dishes , dirty restrooms .
the service has become horrendous , the food is always cold or not cooked .
sad because this place was a favorite .
take your business somewhere else this restaurant does n't deserve it !
i get charging per order ... what a complete scam .
such a rip off !
terrible service .
later i realize the food he was giving them was my food .
okay , so lets talk about what matters , service , atmosphere and food .
that gets _num_ star from me .
and it just was n't one pizza , it was all three .
i seriously do n't get it .
it 's not very good pizza .
this place is comparable to buca di beppo .
ok ... i 'm not getting the hype .
the problem i had was that with everything good , came something bad .
not surprising - so in my opinion , therefore not interesting .
the salad was ok , nothing memorable , but not too bad .
the thin crust , however , was a disaster .
it was like eating cardboard .
tough , chewy and flavorless .
if you 're craving a good pizza try grimaldi 's .
as of now , oregano 's just makes me crazy .
i just got tired of it .
my coworker and i were greeted warmly by the nice host .
the pizza was just ok , nothing to write home about .
i read a review from derek m and i scratch my head .
i am not insulting you derek , or your taste buds but ... .
oregano 's is a local pizza chain serving up pizza and pasta and whatever .
oregano 's , you screwed me .
on my second visit , i ordered a meatball sub , again .
i did n't want them , but where were they ?
i could have got a better meatball sub at subway .
do you understand how insulting that comment was ?
that is bad , dude !
bad !
that just makes the whole experience even worse .
usually a big fan but very disappointed in this location .
once we ordered bartender really never noticed us again .
i do n't get it .
i 've gone to various locations - phoenix , tempe , shea blvd .
i do n't understand why people will wait 30-45 minutes to eat here ?
but honestly , the food is n't that great ( imho ) .
no way am i a fan of the food .
okay , maybe not , but it should be there .
more than _num_ .
each time i go there are flies everywhere .
so gross .
i do n't get it .
from the first encounter to the last it was all bad .
at this point i should have walked out but i did n't .
hmm i guess we could have ordered the chicago style pizza after all .
i do not recommend this restaurant to anyone , just bad all around .
instead it came with _num_ tiny bites .
it will be replaced as our go-to weekend restaurant .
so sad .
did n't take a sip , by the way .
so i just ordered a bottled beer .
they need to acknowledge their problems and solve them .
this review is only for their stuffed pizza .
this pizza is not good .
sauce is unremarkable .
i hear that the thin crust is better .
i 'll take my business and tips elsewhere , thanks .
_num_ hours for a meal on a sunday night .
but then even our waiter was terribly slow .
took _num_ minutes to even get us drinks on our table .
worst part ?
we have been here several times before and never experienced such poor service .
so ... should i have ordered my salad to go to get it sooner ?
we were very disappointed .
( raw chicken there ) why is this place so popular ?
zero stars not allowed .
same thing with my gf ( she got the small salad ) .
i would not eat there again .
too many other pizza joints that care about the customer !
waiting area is outside and in this heat , a long wait is miserable .
no misters , fans , or breeze .
this place is very terrible and expensive .
the food is so bad .
i went there with my fianc and his daughter last sunday .
i called the manager of restaurant complaint for refund money .
she is very bad customer service .
because the food no fresh and so expensive and make you sick !
if we compare the bill at oregano pizza they charge too much .
so , that being said i was uncomfortable from the start .
disappointed and not tasty at all .
again way too much money for the low quality .
this trip was overpriced and make me sick at my stomach .
i was so excited to meet my friends here for dinner .
even the server said `` its so annoying ! ''
there are just too many good pizza joints to go through that frustration again !
an appetizer which had to go thru the oven .
another person sat another table and again walked by the pizza .
it looked bad !
i said no we are n't waiting for another and left .
do n't waste your time here ... .
the frozen drinks were watered down , machine mix frozen beverages .
the buffalo wings were pretty good but needed more sauce .
the pizza was average at best and definitely too salty .
they told me i had to replace all my speakers - wrong again .
speakers that sell for _num_ are priced on amazon for $ _num_ .
hell no !
in this case , i was simply talking to dead space .
my first encounter was with the audio express off of bell rd .
so we rescheduled a new date to get my vehicle completed .
all in all it took _num_ hours to do my install .
when i got into my vehicle , i noticed another issue .
_num_ months later the $ _num_ led lights are broken .
the guy talked to us for _num_ minutes and tried to help us .
we could n't get it .
and sent me on my way with my car safe and working .
i called _num_ different establishments .
told me other establishments do n't install this part .
and there was zero attempt to help me while i was stranded .
audio express made no attempt but to sell me parts .
taking my business elsewhere .
finally i get my receipt it shows the price _num_ .
not too happy with the sales side there .
it was very awkward and unprofessional .
why waste both our times ?
and why be so rude ?
i doubt very much that that would be the standard at this company .
the pharmacy at this walmart is terrible .
it was not for some odd medication that was not in stock .
this is a humongous walmart .
boy , was i wrong .
needless to say , i was very disappointed .
finding anything in this maze was ridiculous !
the selection of hygiene products is horrible .
i can not be more upset with the pharmacy department .
made a stop at safeway and requested a transfer .
the lady from safeway came out , noticeably bothered .
i had to wait another hour to make the request .
what kind of review are people really looking for here ?
is it worth it to get _num_ cents off your paper towels ?
miss amy placed me on hold .
ill pay your .
they do n't know what the hell they are doing .
something is very fishy about this walmart .
a few weeks ago i ordered a custom photo blanket through the photo center .
i 'm very disappointed in this walmart today .
employees were all pretty rude and store was a mess .
not everyone gets customer service .
normally okay , but my wife needed her clothes for _num_ am flight tomorrow .
young lady inside would n't even acknowledge me even after we made eye contact .
another woman inside completely ignored my knock on the glass door .
neither picked up the phone ( calling from parking lot ) .
that 's bad service .
never doing business here again -- so much for supporting the little guys .
horrible customer service !
they offered me to report a claim and pay me back .
if i could give them zero stars i would .
after cleaning it , there was no more gold in the dress at all !
she said no , it was n't their problem or their fault .
i will never set foot in this cleaners again .
never again will they receive a dime from me .
this location is worse than any used car lot i ever visited .
filing in small claims court this week .
this is the worst massage envy i have ever been too !
the massage itself was better , but not by much .
do not waste your time or money by going to this location !
rude and inconsiderate ... they do not even return calls .
they 're the first point of customer contact for crying out loud .
i 'll call you back later . ''
horrible .
this place was horrible .
to much dressing on the salad and no sauce on the ziti .
bullshit , that is some racist ass stuff .
so he instead gave us a medium sized pan and refunded us the difference .
waste of time and money .
rating : garbage !
the food gets _num_ stars , but they lose _num_ stars for lousy service .
they had a deal for a large pizza and _num_ wings for $ _num_ .
dining room and restrooms were both clean .
even the plate they were on was cold .
_num_ minutes later , we were finally eating our wings .
the service problem is in the attitude of the people who work there .
first of all , they are very disorganized , no system at all .
what a disappointment .
$ _num_ for a lunch special of drink , salad and slice of pizza .
the salad is packaged , pizza too cheesy and soggy .
this crust was like cardboard .
it tasted like nothing and did n't move .
also , the service is bad .
horrible pizza / horrible service .
i have nothing good to say about my experience with ray 's pizza .
do n't waste your money .
thought i would give them a 2nd chance ... bad idea !
employees make you feel like your putting them out for ordering overpriced pizza .
unfortunately that was like _num_ years ago .
i do n't get it .
i only ate half of it and sadly threw it out !
i spent way to much money for bad pizza .
not a fan , not even a little bit .
why settle ?
worst place ever .
i have been dealing with that for _num_ yrs and am ok with it .
there is nothing ny about this pizza any more .
i can not agree with that in any way , shape or form .
this is sad .
maybe i should have tried the pizza and not a sandwich ... .
we ordered a medium white pizza and a plain calzone .
no biggie though , just stuck it in the oven for a couple minutes .
once we took a bite into it though ... .
very little cheese or sauce and what little cheese there was had zero flavor .
i was lucky to get _num_ small bites of over-cooked meat off each wing .
the dough was not fresh and tasted old .
very disappointing .
if not , i 'll be searching for a new pizza joint .
hey , can anyone recommend a fabulous ny pizza place in north scottsdale ?
driving around looking for pizza , came across this place .
i must say the people working the register , i 'm thinking the owner ?
was very very grumpy .
pay and walk away .
hey you never know until you try it right ?
leaves a lot to be desired .
limited choice of toppings .
the crust , sauce , and cheese had virtually no flavor .
however , the pepperoni is on the spicy side .
guy looked at me like i was a ghost .
not to bag on the guy too hard but he was totally lost .
and the man was so rude .
if you 're open , maybe you should make some freaking pizza !
wish i did n't !
each half of the pizza contained the exact ingredients i wanted for lunch .
i reluctantly ate the slices given to me only because of time .
it made me feel like a poor college student all over again .
which is not the expectation i had for this place .
called _num_ after _num_ and they would n't take an order for pick up .
the guy who answered said `` no , we close in _num_ min '' .
disappointing .
tried to pick up a cheese pizza ... yep , a plain cheese pizza .
boy , i would n't suggest this place .
second , the beer was n't ice cold .
place looked like it had potential .
not really a lunch special .
this pizza is not really good .
the pizza is soggy especially the veggie .
the bottom of the pizza was also wet and not crispy .
sorry ray 's , you missed out .
the owner should be embarrassed .
close at _num_ if employees want to go home that bad !
i used to like that place , but no more .
i wo n't be back .
not true .
this place is so overpriced it 's ridiculous .
i would not recommend this place .
did n't know party city also sold costumes .
customer service was also very bad .
the sales rep could 've at least offered to check .
of lousy customer service offered here ? )
i did n't find much in stock that suited my needs .
extremely bad customer service !
all the employees are rude including the manager .
their store is super trashy !
this place has horrible customer service .
although they have great party items , i would never stop there again !
in april , i ordered , and completely paid for two chairs .
another week passed with no information .
i 've had $ _num_ pedis and $ _num_ pedis .
this lady had me out of the chair in less than _num_ minutes .
the price i paid for my pedi was almost double what was advertised .
the only thing that turned out nice was the paint job on my toes .
if you go cheap you get cheap service .
horrible service !
i ended up just getting my nail polish removed and walked out !
rude service !
i wo n't be going back .
i just can not recommend l & j motor vehicle services .
the girls there are incredibly rude and incompetent .
i 'm not sure if the dmv is worse .
if i could give negative stars i would .
money and time wasted .
i thought prices for alterations were expensive there but its way more here .
that was about a year ago , and i have n't been back since .
i knew she was quirky , but that was rude and weird .
after this headache , i should have just wore them loose .
do not waste your time .
the people that work here are lame .
it was annoying .
over priced and rude .
theres much better in scottsdale for the price .
lauren is a complete disinterested fool .
the office staff seemed very fake and did n't really care .
i personally cleaned that place top to bottom to avoid those fees !
the front office staff is completely inept .
a few of those times the package had already been opened .
if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
up to _num_ clients at a time using every piece of equipment .
their valet trash is absolutely ridiculous !
too many rules for trash it 's absurd .
not to mention , there is never open parking !
what a rip off .
they do n't care at all about their tenants .
_num_ for valet trash ?
do n't waste your time or money .
worse apartments for the same amount of money .
this community is not luxury , it is mediocre living for luxury prices .
again , their website was what would not accept payment .
the customer is always wrong here .
this place is a joke , do not move in here .
the staff is terrible .
parking : rarely will you find a parking spot .
maintenance : our water is constantly being shut off .
one time with _num_ min warning .
how does this place even have _num_ stars ?
this has been a nightmare every day living here .
parking is indeed a nightmare so just forget about having anyone over ... ever .
and the security here is a complete joke .
they 're the worst part .
`` immediately '' was the answer i was given over an hour ago .
have i quite finished ?
expect the website where you pay your rent to go down every month .
i wish i could say that 's the first time that 's happened .
my water has been shut off dozens of times each time without warning .
i wish i could give less than a _num_ star review .
unfortunately my wife and i lived there for _num_ years .
they said they would , each time , and never did .
they never fixed that problem .
do not , under any circumstances move in to this property !
the wings tasted like they were dipped in vinegar .
no flavor .
i kept my expectations low .
this is okay pizza , but it is not nyc pizza .
its just not good pizza , its just pizza .
they told me the order would take _num_ minutes .
too bad , it used to be a good place .
delivery ... something bad happens on the way to the drop site .
but maybe , during the drive over , they get even more soggy .
the meatballs were lukewarm inside .
this is not the quality i 've had in the past from this location .
no more .
garlic bread is now a side dish which is extra .
i feel like the pizza at streets of new york is pretty plain jane .
when they came out , it looked like melted cheese on hot dog buns .
nothing special .
salad was stale and drenched with dressing , wings were gross .
not going back .
very disappointed !
there will not be another order ever , very poor customer service .
terrible pizza .
these guys charge restaurant prices for horrible rubbery sams club quality pizza .
$ _num_ for shit pizza .
do n't waste your money .
sorry excuse for a cheese steak .
do n't waste your money order pizza hut .
would have preferred more provolone instead of the typical alfredo sauce , also .
also , i did n't like the really small portion of extra greasy fries !
pizza was old , cold and had so much salt it was insane .
you could actually crunch through chunks of salt on top of it .
the salad was missing majority of ingredients .
it 's $ _num_ and was a bunch of lettuce !
based on the phone conversation , i did not want anything from them again .
i have been a customer for years and it 's a real shame .
this was not a one time event , but the last straw .
what an awful place .
i am a vegetarian and they kept making a pizza with pepperoni .
very disappointing service .
the place was nearly empty when we arrived .
our appetizer order was put in after sitting for _num_ minutes .
we waited probably another _num_ minutes waiting to make a pizza order .
people are coming in , making to-go orders , getting them and leaving .
we wait _num_ more minutes for any food to arrive .
finally , a batch of cold garlic bread sticks arrived with steaming marinara .
then the pizza came , but we still had n't received dinner plates .
i 'm giving negative _num_ stars for the service .
when we left the restaurant was empty .
feeling ignored does n't sit well .
the salad was ok and cheesecake ok .
nothing special .
very sad excuse for a streets of ny .
but then you ignored my email , so what 's up ?
no wonder this place was empty .
i will give _num_ star because the waitress was nice .
spinach and artichoke dip was water , pure runny water with no flavor .
i ate half the sandwich , and took the other half home .
later that evening my fianc became ill and the next morning i become ill .
the meat was grey and looked horrible !
it looked like boiled meat .
needless to say we will not be back !
also , hotdog garlic bread ?
shoddy and slow service and horribly over priced food .
i showed up in _num_ minutes .
not perfect but beats domino 's and some other ny style places .
`` the first _num_ letters in a common name . ''
so , i just would not order again .
the pizza tasted just like the pizza at little caesars !
terrible fucking service .
waiter is wasted as hell .
they said they did n't have bread and could n't give it to us .
the last few years have been not .
the food has become often marginal .
unknown to me until recently my parents quit ordering from this location also .
they were at least _num_ time a month customers .
poor location of pumps .
and i hate shell gas stations .
the gas is always overpriced by _num_ cents and the products inside are garbage .
avoid .
but the male manager of this salon needs a serious attitude adjustment .
so i turned around and drove back to the salon .
she then had the original technician redo my polish .
i could n't believe this .
maybe if you are a frequent customer to this salon you are treated differently .
so , if you are new to this salon beware .
it was awful .
awkward .
this place was awful !
cheap polish and products !
up until friday , this salon was my favorite .
unfortunately , i will not be back .
nice shop with pleasant staff but one tech ruined it for me .
recently , i had a problem with the amount i was being charged .
front desk booked me with wrong nail tech .
truly awful .
a truly uncomfortable experience on every level .
to their credit , i was refunded my money when i complained .
but , i 'll never be back .
i think anyone goes to here is not for pizza only .
over crowded , under staffed , and not very clean .
it is not a fun place for little ones any more .
place is very clean , hence the _num_ stars .
no value for money .
the school requests for feedback but does not take any action whatsoever .
kids need to be challenged to continue to grow and that is seriously missing .
slowest delivery ever !
my issue was your pricing .
and i did not look at your website before i went to your business .
i drove by and decided , hey i will try them .
do not trust the owner of this business .
he does not care about his customers .
the public that this is a shady business .
i am beyond frustrated with rave !
in fact , i 'm livid .
i decided to drop of my absolute favorite boots to rave .
i sent _num_ bags to rave in august _num_ .
the website reflect a turnaround time of _num_ to _num_ weeks .
it took _num_ weeks to receive my bag back .
the next problem was an additional $ _num_ charged to my credit card .
so i paid a total of $ _num_ to have one bag cleaned .
can give a negative on this company i would .
very poor customer service at this location .
not impressed .
i would not recommend this dentist office to anyone !
he was paid in full over _num_ thousand dollars .
i would not recommend him at all .
he just did not care .
im very sad over this .
during this procedure he broke the tip of a file in my tooth .
i was so stunned that i just had to walk away .
i walked around and just felt odd and out of place .
we were in at 6:30 pm and they had no rotisserie chickens .
it 's peter the greeter .
more like peter the dirty old man .
ok no problem .
then , i asked for the pictures to be corrected .
at the point she advised me that all the machines were out of order .
not good .
hard to understand why anyone shops here who does not have to .
i would give them _num_ stars but that is not an option .
no reason why or explanation , it just felt like a cold response .
i am by no means a difficult patient .
i do n't have expectations to see things that would n't have already developed .
rude if you ask me .
after _num_ days i began calling everyday for _num_ weeks asking for results .
horrible experience !
if i could give _num_ stars , i would .
my husband and i recently found out i was pregnant with our first child .
she showed very little compassion and had a horrible bed side manner .
i was very uncomfortable around her .
she told me to come back in _num_ days at the same time .
she never returned my call .
never will i ever go back to this place again .
at this point , my mother insisted i get a second opinion .
this place is horrible .
why am i getting these bills ?
terrible bedside manner !
it was an absolute waste of my time going in to see her .
how do you mess that up ?
ok , end rant .
this office staff is awful .
so rude and do n't know what they are doing .
the nurse practitioner i saw ( dr .
no thanks .
so this can drag on ?
i am sorry but this is my life , my baby !
so cold .
my second appt i checked in at _num_ minutes late .
the receptionist told me they were so busy that they could n't see me .
unfortunately the office has gone down hill in the past _num_ years .
well woman visits book 3-4 months out .
wait time on hold to make an appointment for me was over _num_ min .
ever since she left i have not been impressed .
i did n't have such a great experience .
sounds like big o tires needs my business next time.
i was n't contacted to be informed of this .
ill be paying another $ _num_ for a rental car .
the worst part , it was advertised as in stock .
never again will i go there .
i will never do business with discount tire direct ever again .
at $ _num_ , i expected far better quality .
the pancakes were okay , but the syrup was really weak .
not spectacular but not awful either .
terrible neighbor .
if you get the run around from a sales associate , walk away .
bottom line , they do n't care and just want your money .
parking is horrific and appliances are old .
this was her desperate attempt at trying to get rid of me .
you 'll regret living here .
management does n't get back to you .
i 'm so unhappy here , tired all the time .
i wish i would have read more reviews before moving in here !
what a mistake i made !
ca n't wait to move out in a few months !
i 've never lived in a worse apartment .
we call someone out to fix it and it just falls apart again .
fast forward to that wednesday and nothing .
do n't think about living here unless you do n't like to sleep .
i said i already had it but i was told it was no good .
the apartment had n't been cleaned and i walked in to find no tv .
do n't trust this place !
i asked for my money back but that does n't make up for anything .
absolutely worst apartment staff ever !
this complex does not live up to what the city represents .
they also lock the restroom doors in the pool area .
i would n't move here again .
also the watering of the grass is out of control .
they leave it on for _num_ minutes at a time _num_ times a day .
ridiculous !
can i give this place no stars ?
i say magical cause only the staff could smell the urine .
not i nor my guests .
this place sucks .
when i moved there , i read the nasty reviews .
they are just hurting for money .
food was ok , but the reason for the low rating was the service .
my waiter was obviously overworked .
i do n't know about this place .
that could be good or bad .
it was so crowded .
wrong .
turns out the quiche has _num_ calories in it .
my daughter ordered some sort of salad with walnuts and strawberries in it .
the calorie count was under _num_ .
all in all , not a memorable experience and not worth the money .
tried a new place for breakfast , mimi 's in scottsdale .
wo n't go there again .
not somewhere i would choose to go to again .
generally , the service is not good however the food is not bad .
however , on our most recent visit we had ordered the chicken fettuccine dish .
to our surprise the chicken pieces were not fully cooked .
however , that was the least of my worries .
my husband unfortunately now has food poisoning from the chicken .
but did they mess it up !
my wife 's meal ( chicken crepes ) was just as bad .
but the food is the big problem here .
note : i have also eaten at mimi 's for breakfast several times .
although better than dinner , mimi 's breakfasts are pretty ordinary .
slow , indifferent service .
do n't go on a sunday after church .
a nice restaurant , but i only go here with the parents .
well , june 8th , _num_ was the last time we eat there .
we waited forever for our meals and we spent _num_ minutes at our table .
no chance , huh ?
who puts deep fried cheese balls on a salad ?
the food tasted like it was microwaved which it probably was .
the hostess were rude .
i ordered chicken piccata ( which comes with mashed potatoes and vegetables ) .
the vegetables were a joke .
the food was n't very good , nor was the service .
but , the worst part about my experience was how dirty the place is !
totally gross !
the floors have n't been cleaned in some time as well .
it 's just generally not as good as i remember .
do n't waste your time .
the food quality has gone down considerably too .
they do n't get it .
not a good idea .
this is not a french restaurant !
where is the santa fe omelette ?
even as late as 7pm !
they updated their menu and now have very very limited choices .
she never smiled and seemed not to care .
the biggest disappointment was the cost of our breakfast dishes for what we received .
our server was efficient but somewhat intense and not very personable .
just not a great experience .
the flavor of this combination was not a winning one .
but this is not the end of this story .
just walked out after waiting _num_ minutes for a server to approach our table .
apparently service is not a priority .
wo n't be back .
prices range from _num_ to _num_ for breakfast or lunch .
someone also ordered eggs , fruit and croissant which was fine .
the reason i 'm giving two stars was the poor service .
no greeting at all .
the waiter never introduced himself .
he seemed annoyed half the time .
he did n't smile and was not friendly .
this company needs to revisit customer service _num_ to their employees .
it 's sad to say that i was n't very impressed .
the second time it was only _num_ steps past rare .
( yes , just like in paris .
however , last night was a disappointment .
sorry , mimi 's - not gon na be back anytime soon .
there were _num_ of us in our party .
the restaurant was nearly empty on a friday night so she was not busy .
overall , the experience was embarrassing , expensive , and a huge regret .
the dressing is also low in calories which is an added bonus !
it was a little bit disappointing because the dish was on the dry side .
this place was a ghost town and past its prime .
boring food lame atmosphere .
would n't recommend mimi 's cafe on thanksgiving .
it was gross .
we just left and i have to say it was awful .
well , that is not what you get .
small potatoes are awful .
small salad for $ _num_ extra .
the waitress had _num_ tables and just could n't handle them .
too many good restaurants in scottsdale .
sorry to say this is not one of them .
absolutely one of the worst staff experiences i have ever witnessed .
i tried , i really tried .
he told me all about their other offering , wings , sandwiches , deserts .
my order came to $ _num_ for a pizza and _num_ wings .
only this time the crust was even more chewy and soft then before .
very disappointed .
i am not sure if i will try it again ... .
here is the problem : it just does n't taste that good .
they need to use better cheese , and tastier sauce .
if i could give this zero stars i would .
wrong .
not worth it .
i do not recommend purchasing these tickets online .
i will not be going here again !
arrogant & incompetent !
sold me the wrong bulbs .
_num_ customers waiting in line to pay .
finally gave up , put the items back on the shelf and left .
had to return with poor service .
these guys make it very clear they do n't like working with home owners .
this was n't explained at checkout .
i finally just grabbed a color card and left .
stood in line earlier today for _num_ minutes .
no one acknowledged me and it seemed like i was invisible .
the employee was rude and clearly did not want to help me .
heard every excuse but no one really cares that i am sitting here .
pathetic .
i just wish i could 've been one of them .
horrible staff .
waiting room is a cattle call .
have n't received the contacts i ordered _num_ months ago .
they tried to bill me for someone else 's fitting .
they scheduled is appointment at 7:30 am .
no one was there .
we tried to call , they do not have an answering service .
the glendale office is never open on thursday .
no apologies nothing .
she then called my father and after a few minutes hung up on him .
this office does not care about their patients .
it 's been two weeks and nothing .
this has been a major disappointment .
very bad compared to the one on via linda .
the egg rolls must have been one of those _num_ hr egg rolls .
i wish i could give them a _num_ .
i went cobblestone last weekend and had the worst wash of my life .
they really do n't even do that good of a job anyway .
my insurance does n't cover it .
they said it would be $ _num_ .
the guy who replace my windshield had a work order for $ _num_ .
cobblestone never returned any of my phone calls .
avoid .
if i could give `` no star '' i would .
this is not an honest establishment , nor do they do good work .
car must be washed and these guys wash cars right ?
back off and wash my damn car !
i do n't want a windshield repair ( does it look cracked ?
oh well ... .
i wish i could give negative stars !
nothing more , nothing less .
and the labor to wipe it down .
gon na do it myself next time .
i could n't agree with other reviewers more about the strong arm tactics .
no thanks , i do n't have leather seats .
obnoxious sales guy says yes , you do - all mercedes do .
um , no they do n't .
i again say , no thanks .
no , i would n't and walk towards the lobby .
why did your guy just come over an try to wipe it down ?
he says no , we can run it through again .
he says , no call the corporate office ( on a sunday ) .
their sales tactics are disgusting .
i had a gift card for a detail so i had to go here .
i am paying money to have a car detailed !
will not go back !
if i could give them zero i would .
sorry , cobblestone .
i will keep this plain and simple .
only then did i receive the money owed to me .
never ever , ever take your car to any cobblestone auto spa .
this place is the worst !
i 've gone here twice now and both times left angry .
they are over prices , sleazy , slow , and do an awful job .
ok this is the 3rd time now - why do i go back .
they are nuts - so i need to really put energy out there now .
never go here to get your oil changed .
plus another crap carwash all for free .
thanks , i appreciate it as i wasted more time for your mistake .
the car wash was terrible .
which is too bad because it 's close by .
it just was n't good .
_num_ free washes so we can get sub-par service again ?
after discussing things with the manager , he refunded half of our $ .
my rating for this store is a _num_ stars !
needless to say i was completely unhappy .
worst customer service experience ever !
terrible customer service .
careless employees inside and out .
they had only wiped down _num_ wheels and missed many areas on the side .
all in all , never again .
i do n't find the staff friendly or respectful .
they do n't take no for an answer , so i just walk away .
just generally a bad experience .
much less cost for a more effective wash , dry and detailing .
their attention to detail was poor .
it would n't take anything to have vacuumed them .
just a minimal effort could have solved these issues .
there are much better auto spas in scottsdale .
there was more dust inside and the outside was just as bad .
i was ready to give him $ _num_ to leave me alone .
absolute worst .
what they could have wiped down was dusty and never touched .
takes forever and is an absolute zoo .
disgusted .
take everything out of your car if you get your car washed here .
managers wonder why they ca n't keep employees longer than one week .
they 've lost me as a customer after the experience yesterday .
of course i 'm mad , your treating my car like a disrespectful toy .
took my car to the bell and _num_ local .
they are acting like this on purpose .
biggest jerks in az .
they have trained these people to make your life horrible .
obviously just go any place else and you 'll have a better experience .
it would be impossible for it to be worse .
i filed a complaint with the bbb and will never go to cobblestone again .
my big complaint comes from the piss poor job of a wash i received .
the lack of attention to detail is apparent .
the dirty floor and back seats shows me that the car was barely vacuumed .
they left the front of the car dirty with an abundance of dead bugs .
i just wont be going back .
first and last time we will visit this car wash .
unfortunately , our windshield still had dead bugs all over it .
there was more dust let from the towels they used .
annoyed that i paid for a useless car wash .
upon replacing the defective glass , my rear view mirror fell off days later .
i 've stopped in now again and they still do n't have a solution .
charles the service tech is the only one willing to help .
wo n't be back .
i am extremely disappointed !
it was as if he never wiped down the outside !
i will not go back .
the car wash is ill managed or not managed .
the car wash is ill managed or not managed .
another horrible wash .
wrong decision .
i frequently get my vehicles washed and/or detailed .
i hate driving a dirty vehicle .
this one was just bad .
unbelievable .
half a day wasted on car wash attempt _num_ .
it 's almost uncomfortable how many times he tried to upsell me .
and the $ _num_ detailing we paid for was not complete .
i just got a $ _num_ exterior car wash !
in addition , you ca n't refund my money ?
when this is all over this will be a _num_ day process .
this is one of the worst places to get you car clean .
the car sat there for _num_ minutes , nobody even looked at it .
after _num_ minutes of waiting , they tell me it 's done .
i said no it was n't that nobody touched it .
totally disgusted .
manager tj has the worst customer service skills i 've ever seen before .
i wo n't return simply because of the experience i had with tj .
worst .
i hate getting ripped off .
they did a horrible job .
worst car wash ever !
my dogs also left two very distinct mud marks on the back seat .
boy was i wrong .
as i was driving home i noticed that they did n't do anything !
the mud marks in back have n't even been touched .
my first time here and it was terrible .
this place is horrible !
i upgraded my car wash so the inside of the car would get cleaned .
when i drove off i noticed that they had only done a basic wash .
although the guys were nice , my car was not clean .
for a $ _num_ car wash i would have expected more .
i will not go back im not in the business of being disappointed .
i tell him the situation and he seriously looked genuinely confused .
i 'm not sure the interior leather was even cleaned .
it was busy so i just paid the full price instead .
first off all , he didnt come over to help me .
but , this place sets the bar at an all-time low .
they did a poor job cleaning it up .
so i had to return to get them to wipe it off .
sadly it was not .
all i want is my car washed !
there i do n't have to deal with the cobblestone sales bs .
no thanks !
horrible service !
this is the third time i gave them a chance !
the guest service report we have does not have a number to corporate either .
poor customer service and horrible car wash results .
and even then , they still missed several spots .
not worth the $ _num_ .
i 'm pretty bummed by the lack of quality of the work .
unfortunately this is one of the worst car wash jobs i 've ever received .
i 've tried _num_ cobblestone car washes and have had bad experiences every time .
_num_ strikes .
totally frustrated with this operation .
went for window repair and they made it worse .
every time i go for a wash and get up sold .
paid for an ultimate wash and they gave it back with dirty carpets .
dont get sucked into upgrades if you go at all !
by far the worst car wash i have ever gotten .
the upsell is too much .
do n't continue to try and sell me something else .
the job they did was mediocre at best to top it off .
if i could give it zero stars , i would .
she contacted her insurance and had all the paperwork done and sent to cobblestone .
she said , i do n't need this and just left .
i walk over and am told they need another hour !
i will also be looking into contacting scottsdale police to file a theft report .
i keep giving them another chance but each time i 'm disappointed .
unless , of course they 're trying to up sell you on services .
they 've badly scratched my vehicle the past two visits .
terrible job with drying and cleaning very basic areas of the car .
the worst car wash and service possible .
i will not return here .
dash still had the same dust as before it went in .
only reason it is n't one star is because the outside did look decent .
what a frustrating experience !
not to mention horrid service .
then she replied we have a $ _num_ and walked away from the counter .
i understand this is scottsdale but damn have a little customer service !
get outside , no sign of my car .
very poor planning and execution .
i would not go back under any circumstances .
no stars .
do not go to the restaurant right now .
i was meeting some out of town guests and was quite embarrassed .
i had a very stressful experience .
keys to my room worked about _num_ % of the time .
i am pissed !
the property was n't so bad .
he is nasty and rude .
very poor customer service .
left the hotel , checked into another one .
take your money and run elsewhere !
it remained neglected all weekend .
room service took an outrageously long time and the food came cold .
our dining experience at the bar & grill on site was awful .
our server was inattentive and rude .
she left is waiting for drinks and an order for a long time .
the food was over priced and not that great .
i would not recommend any of these choices to a friend or family member .
service at the bar in the evening was again disappointing .
the advertised check out through your remote did not work .
i have never experienced worse treatment as a tenant .
and thats where the greatness ends .
the staff is horrible !
otherwise , you will get screwed .
freaking idiots .
even after moving out , we are still getting screwed .
windows are all single pane cheap crap .
stove and fridge are probably _num_ years old .
worst management company i have ever dealt with .
they have an excuse for everything and deliver nothing .
it was absolute hell & they steal money inn whatever form possible .
first , they do not allow you to see the apartment you are renting .
doors that are crooked and can barely open .
it was like pulling teeth to communicate with maintenance or anyone in the office .
she said she would call me back .
it 's been yet another week and a half and no word from her .
and do n't let me forget about the bugs here .
no wonder they offer free monthly pest control , this place is infested !
living here is like having a really pretty girlfriend with a terrible personality .
however , once you are in , there are a lot of problems .
the complex has too many units for the maintenance to keep up with .
nice property , but the front office needs some serious customer service training .
there was precious little interaction or communication with me .
this is the most inefficient doctors office i 've ever been to .
then i waited another _num_ minutes in the exam room .
we will not be going back .
the front desk is incredibly rude .
this has been going on for years with these _num_ receptionists .
i 'm not going back , however .
what a waste of time and money !
i went for another treatment the beginning of _num_ .
hi staff was rude , unprofessional and i will never go back .
after my treatment i was in pain .
no apology and she had not tried to call me back .
she reluctantly said she would send me a packet .
the entire staff was rude and condescending .
i do n't see what all the hype is about .
the scent will go away but return and it 's disgusting .
only reason for _num_ stars is price .
i will not be staying here again .
hotel looks a bit dated .
water pressure was good for the 3rd floor .
but for business ?
no call for _num_ hours .
the glasses case `` fell behind our storage bin . ''
the carpets in the hotel are filthy , old .
there was limited hot water in my room .
i would n't stay again .
meh ... it was ok hot yoga .
hard to find .
she came across as cold and mean .
next i attended classes by julie and ken .
i would highly recommended them as instructors .
i 'm also sure we made everyone else in the class uncomfortable .
she shrugged and said maybe because i was behind her .
i just left shaking my head feeling more irritated than before the class .
water should be available for student 's , but is n't .
but none of the classes were crowded .
but i would not recommend this studio after such a negative experience .
a family member recently was sent to this facility after a joint replacement .
if i could , i would rate this facility with a minus _num_ .
the point system is ridiculous .
why would you make the lowest level bed _num_ points ?
this is marketing gone wrong .
i called a competitor down the street , $ _num_ for two weeks unlimited .
rachel h. things sure have changed since your _num_ star review .
i called back to his direct line immediately after , no answer .
i called back again , no answer .
sad stuff but reality .
i went to the deli to get a sandwhich .
if you dont know how bad it is .
i hate finding bones in my fish filets !
this was the worst sausage i have ever had in my life !
i grilled them and they came dry and completely flavorless !
they were awful !
i ca n't express how disappointed i was !
i had a really rude experience today at sprouts in scottsdale .
i said , '' no , but i did get a roast that was .
_num_ lbs . ''
is that really too much to ask .
so , i thanked him and asked to have one cut into _num_ lbs .
i could n't even fit that into a pot if i tried .
i really could not trust a very poor attitude like that .
fry 's had romaine lettuce for _num_ cents and sprouts _num_ .
_num_ cents each ( not per pound ) .
low and behold , there were the hot dogs for _num_ a package .
are you kidding me ?
i usually pay _num_ when they are not on sale , but $ _num_ ?
why do n't i just go buy a steak ?
disappointing .
do not know why may be she was taking out personal frustration on people .
not with my other groceries .
what really concerns me is the lady 's lack of understanding for health codes .
also your staff does not seem to be very friendly anymore !
total bummer because i used to love the sandwich bar .
now the bread is consistently stale .
worst .
paid $ _num_ for mani/pedi with french .
this was because the layers , esp .
when it finally dried , it was a disaster .
ca n't say you were n't warned !
the staff are just too rude .
my experience was even worse than before !
the selection was terrible for clothing .
however , the doors were wide open and it was 11:30 am .
do n't waste your time i wasted mine !
brought them to a shelter where they would get more value .
i was in shock and took it .
i left everything and did not purchase a single item .
i walk in to this location i 'm not greeted .
it 's small , cluttered and unorganized .
the girls are way less than friendly and super snobby .
this is one of the worst time share places i have ever stayed at .
it needs better regular maintenance and some updating might help i.e .
spend money on bathroom , some new tv 's and paint .
first , the staff is very helpful and courteous .
overall , a disappointing experience from a `` diamond '' resort .
i have not stayed here yet , but will be in early september .
so why am i yelping and only giving _num_ star you ask ?
so am i looking forward to spending my weekend at this place ?
not really .
no elevators .
i probably would n't stay here again .
bottom line : not really a `` resort '' & beware of wifi pricing !
a colleague and i stayed in a _num_ bedroom unit .
it has no resort feel to it whatsoever .
totally insulting .
it 's the worst timeshare i 've ever stayed in .
i 'll think twice before booking links again .
this is not a resort by any means of the term .
if you are looking for a resort experience , look elsewhere .
there is no restaurant , no bar .
i wo n't stay again .
it does not have a restaurant .
not as much as we would have liked .
towels were a bit rough .
staff was friendly and maintenance took care of a couple of problems we had .
everyone says it 's not their fault and passes the buck .
they have not refunded my deposit and it 's now been two months !
what the hell ?
not impressed by any means ... .
checking in was a timeshare sales pitch , that i did n't appreciate .
they only fixed the lights , not the tv remote .
no bar or restaurant on property ( the website is misleading ) .
wifi is n't free .
this is n't a resort .
the links is a big fail .
they stay here was horrible to say the least .
i would tell my worst enemy to come to this resort .
if i could give this resort _num_ stars i would have .
thinks again and picking this as a resort you want to stay in .
it 's actually a huge scam that diamond resorts is running !
the furniture is shabby dirty and old .
no elevators !
first of all carpets are disgusting and i really ca n't get over that .
everything is outdated , old and dirty .
not staying there ever again .
i thought i had everything cleared up and just recently they started again .
i called to correct the issue and was promptly hung up on .
the health care provided was average but the crazy collection company was horrible .
and they have bad attitudes .
i was very disappointed in this office .
i was in so much pain , i spent two days in bed .
just awful !
no staff was on the ice to keep at least some order to things .
learning experience for me , i guess .
horrible experience .
i have short hair and it took her _num_ hours to wrap my hair .
fifty dollars more than i paid the 1st time .
level _num_ is $ _num_ bucks ? )
oh no , that 's `` extra ! ''
i 've never even had a highlight without two colors sitting on the tray .
it 's just wrong .
no way , not again .
had the worst experience recently .
they kept the _num_ dollars after wasting _num_ hours of our time .
i just went last week to get highlights .
i was very disappointed .
not up to par and overpriced for the below average results .
too bad since my house is minutes away .
ordered the part and _num_ month later the refrigerator stopped working .
no wonder they wanted payment asap .
i bought a refrigerator from their phoenix outlet center .
phone number is not working or its disconnected .
anyway , i just recommend that everyone check your cc statement .
i truly regret of being here today .
paid the guy and let him know i 'm not coming back .
when i was a kid the western bacon was one of my favorite burgers .
ingredients are still the same , it just tastes different .
i just hate these sandwiches now .
she 's putting an inch stack of white lettuce on it .
i pipe up no lettuce .
apparently these people do n't care what a real burger is supposed to be .
togo 's is not the place to go if you want a veggie sub .
not very many places deliver early in the morning near my office .
also the food will make you sick .
pretty much sounded like he doesnt care for any business ... .
horrible disrespectful customer service i 've ever encountered .
received my food almost _num_ hours later .
never order from this nasty place !
the place was dead on a weeknight , a bad sign .
i would not go here again .
if you call this authentic mexican food you are probably not mexican .
food is disgusting , more specifically it is bland , greasy and low quality .
i would only recommend this place to my worst enemy .
what i like about los olivos is their nachos .
i am not even kidding .
every time i have been here , it has been dead .
then why is the service so awful ?
and this happened repeatedly as we tried to finish our food .
as you can see from my star rating , this was n't the case .
no dessert offerings or a stop by to see if we liked the food .
the salsas were just ok ... .
the tortilla chips were stale .
heard about los olivos from a friend who had been to the original one .
the food was average at best and the service was terrible .
the waitress here tried to scam us to get a higher tip .
i probably wouldnt have caught it but the bill just seemed too high .
she then informed us we had actually recieved two drinks .
if she knew that , then why did she only charge us for _num_ .
is n't water one of those things that restaurants bring patrons no matter what ?
i ordered a margarita with no salt .
would 've been delicious ... except it was loaded up with a salty rim .
my friend and i shared the pollo fundido , which was pretty standard .
no complaints about it , but nothing stood out either .
service was a little slow , the tacos were delicious .
what my girlfriend complained about : the guacamole had too many onions .
slow service .
each time i get the same experience .
crappy service .
they were just as lame as usual .
give them a star for meeting my super low expectations !
the food was n't bad but service was terrible .
this experience has made me not want to come back .
i 'm not a fan of the way they serve the salsa .
i was starving so i ordered the steak fajitas .
these were the worst fajitas i have ever had .
the tortilla 's that came with it were a huge mess .
just a mess , hard to eat tasteless , with terrible steak .
my wife 's dish was even worse .
it came out and the green corn tamale was just awful .
how could they possibly mess that up right ?
they came out and were _num_ % filled with cheese and _num_ % chicken .
all in all , the worst mexican restaurant and food i had ever had .
never going back .
the bus boy saw this and immediately brought chips ... still no waiter .
our waiter never smiled ... seemed grumpy that he was working .
if it was n't for him i would have left _num_ star !
needless to say i wo n't be coming back .
just very drab and plain like the wait staff !
sadly , in the past couple of months , this place has declined .
it was my favorite .
horrible food and horrible service .
bad decision on my part .
this restaurant is a far cry from the los olivos i know .
terrible margaritas , food was bland , loud restaurant .
i was embarrassed to bring my family here .
horrible !
first of all , the booth was so uncomfortable .
the bench was way too low for the table .
i should have stopped eating at that point .
got to find another mexican restaurant that knows how to cook .
chips & salsa were fine .
steak fajitas were a big disappointment .
beef was way overcooked and was really tough and tasteless .
my friend ordered the chicken chimi and did n't care for his too .
ugh this place is nasty !
overpriced & tonight 's meal was inedible had to send back .
the service is terrible , whether it 's slow or busy in there .
words ca n't even express how disappointed in this restaurant i am .
for a _num_ dollar tab id expect better service !
do not plan any type of event at this restaurant !
as for mexican food it runs about a three star restaurant .
i had the shredded beef burrito it tasted good nothing special about it whatsoever .
there 's nothing spectacular whatsoever .
service subpar and food is bland .
i told him he was rude and placed my order .
i do n't want to be treated that way again .
this place is ok , but not really what i expected from n. scottsdale .
probably wont be going back .
the `` better '' stuff did not work .
they refused .
( it was over the winter so bugs were at a minimum ) .
i refused to pay .
have n't had any in the house in some time .
after several years of great service , they lost a super bug dude .
no follow-up .
our experience was not the most professional , we 'll have to look elsewhere .
after being a customer for about _num_ years i am leaving .
i was billed for december service and swear the tech never showed .
i usually get a copy of the form , and did n't this time .
that night , when we returned home , _num_ pm .
_num_ pm , _num_ hours after the tent removed .
`` no smell ; no way any chemical can get into your house . ''
then , they do n't return any phone call or emails .
no apologize ; no pretend to listen .
or they 'll take action against me .
this is a company not very friendly in listening to your complaint .
this is not isolated to a single person .
this is always annoying but whatever , my husband left work early .
so , we scheduled again , this time for 7am .
there is nothing more frustrating than feeling as if your time is not valued .
this is where the problems began and never ended .
of course , they did n't have my credit card on file .
i then asked to have one call me back , which never happened .
funny thing is they got worse after they sprayed .
a week later no change in pest problem .
funny thing is they got worse after they sprayed .
i have been a customer for over _num_ years for regular , monthly service .
i am new to az and wanted business cards printed .
the only thing different was the information in the copy .
they had three opportunities to get it right and failed every time .
extremely disgusting .
will not shop there again .
too many other adequate options .
the young lady behind the counter said you 'll have to wait for it .
i said ok , no problem .
thinking it will be like 15-20 min .
not going back to this staples .
beware of misleading prices .
i asked for the corporate number he gave me the wrong number .
i hate this copy center .
i asked for the corporate number he gave me the wrong number .
i 've been in gas station bathrooms that are cleaner than this .
this was a complete waste of both my and my husband 's time .
i immediately sent an e-mail to cancel it .
i am disgusted .
the discount tire solution : try and sell me _num_ new tires !
i will never buy tires there again !
every time i go in there they try to sell me _num_ new tires !
i just bought _num_ tires at christmas .
he comes back and says they are not looking very good .
are you kidding me ?
never again will i go there , nor will i ever refer them .
this did not include installation on car that would have been an extra charge .
and this price increase did n't even include installation on the car .
next time i am going to big o tires or sears .
horrible service .
i will never use discount tire again .
less than impressed with the service i just received .
but there was n't anyone even there .
the agent assisting me with my car could careless if i left .
save your time , money , and items for a better business !
but they did it anyway and the counter guy argued with me .
hoping i got a fluke bad experience .
i might go back for service work but not for an oil change .
i also had to bring the car back after service to resolve workmanship problems .
wednesday : still have n't looked , you 're next , tomorrow morning .
thursday : still have n't looked , tomorrow morning .
i 'm sure these guys are great , but we had a terrible experience .
i am talking like _num_ years .
it was not broken at all .
well there is your answer as to what was wrong .
it was his tank and nothing more .
i do n't care how long the `` book '' says it will take .
lots of them died .
why am i writing this you might ask .
once trust is lost it is very hard to get back !
it 's been more than _num_ hours !
however , that 's exactly what it was ... a waste of time .
very disappointed .
after they changed the oil , i received a bill for $ _num_ !
i said i was very disappointed .
they did not even validate my feelings or apologize .
the dude started trying to tell me i was doing everything wrong .
i guess i should take advice from someone who is fat .
which btw have really bad ingredients .
_num_ instructors , both .
edit : since writing this review i have switched clubs .
as i no longer workout here , and was not happy when i left .
nothing personal , but that is how i felt when i left .
b . )
seems a little small and cramped .
location is ok , prices cheap .
i joined _num_ months ago , before i started working .
not only that - but they raised my rates to $ _num_ a month .
this is crap .
avoid at all costs , i wish i did .
so much for the free , no contract bs .
edit : they 're closed ?
this is not a dump .
they told me that because of this i get another six months free .
that 's _num_ months for only like $ _num_ .
do i feel ripped off ?
i get them fed , dressed & out the door with time to spare .
one hour later , we are still sitting in the front waiting room .
if you are reading this in search of a pediatrician .
not impressed at all and left appt .
this was extremely unprofessional of the office staff .
i mean , they would have to do a extra _num_ mins of paperwork .
holy crap !
which is n't even the policy .
she ignored me and smiled .
then i chose debit and entered my pin .
that 's when i got really pissed .
i called corporate and raised hell .
this was really strange and extremely extremely insulting .
kohl 's is so underwhelming and disappointing .
later , my pants split .
my shirt had a hole in it .
a button popped off .
this place always seems to be dead or filled with a much older crowd .
the selection was ok for the clothes , but the prices were extraordinary .
christmas shopping here was not a good experience this year .
why have so many employees if none of them can help you ?
easily the worst `` burrito '' i have ever had .
first the food is more expensive than chipotle but not higher quality .
for those with a healthy appetite , the quantity is also smaller .
the only point that scored higher than chipotle was the salsa selection .
baja has a separate salsa bar where customers can serve themselves .
outdated .
bad food .
the employees never offer suggestions , which may be an english language barrier .
the front door handle was broken my last time i went in here .
before we even made it into the restaurant , we were immediately on edge .
the years have not been kind to this building .
this place actually gets _num_ stars .
the first time i called i waited _num_ min .
i drove around for _num_ min .
i walked out .
i refuse to give business to a co. that is so rude .
instead of crown he filled my tooth .
you 've missed crack on my tooth .
do not trust your dentist .
fridge is n't full yet .
asked for ranch with my chicken fingers .
apparently once is n't enough .
in the food service industry you do not blame the customer .
i never ate from jack in the box after this .
i gave you another shot and never again .
i went for food for _num_ people .
i 'm once again without food .
do not go to this location .
here 's the story .
i took a sip and realized it just tasted off .
it simply was n't sweet enough and seemed to be lacking an ingredient .
sadly , the drink still tasted like it was lacking the sweetness .
tried a green smoothie , the apple and greens .
we waited _num_ minutes for our drinks when we were the only customers .
im assuming that 's why my drink turned out crappy .
i couldnt taste pineapple or ginger like i normally do .
im not happy and will not be going back to this location .
i dont want spend almost $ _num_ to get a less than mediocre drink .
and on top of that the girls working were not friendly ... super disappointing .
worst customer service of all time .
not just once .
might be bad management it 's hard to say .
the next day i was going to stay again .
then they called _num_ more times after that came to my door _num_ times .
then _num_ time they came to my door and made me leave .
then tells me the price for tonight is $ _num_ .
i know that was really rude , and there is no excuse .
he was the most horrible customer service person i have ever dealt with .
they gave me the key to a room where a man was sleeping .
it was a nightmare .
rude front desk clerk , jack .
no stove .
would n't stay here again even for free .
but never will i stay at this particular one again .
it was disgusting and gave me a headache .
ugh .
this review is long overdue .
and at $ _num_ a night , no complaints here .
big mistake !
unfortunately we were _num_ minutes away already .
excuse me ?
what part of i was on my way back did you not understand ?
anyways my point is i 'm a guest too !
my advice is to find another place to stay .
the country inn and suites should have been my first choice .
my package did not get to its destination for _num_ days !
i am only giving one star because there is no option for zero stars .
talk about a lack of customer service and this place takes first place .
she then went back to doing whatever she had been doing .
if someone is that unfriendly they should not be dealing with customers .
here , she charged me $ _num_ for the exact same kind of package !
i 'm never coming here again .
also , the lady who owns it is rude and unwelcoming .
absolutely miss scottsdale , but definitely not this business .
broke the lease which cost $ _num_ which was fine .
settled payment with under $ _num_ but really ?
that was way more than the $ _num_ we expected to pay .
note : sure deposit is a joke .
it does n't cover anything but they are sure to take your deposit .
i do n't recommend this apartment .
we went to the office and found out she had taken the day off .
when i complained to the manager i got a weak apology and an excuse .
then of course , they billed me for damage to the carpet .
it should have been $ _num_ each time !
they were just _num_ trips late -- do n't ya think .
that is disgusting .
they claimed the area in dining room had permanent dirt .
i am quite simply appalled .
but they failed us with less than `` luxury `` living standards .
bonus pool ?
oh , bicycle ranch -- where should i begin ?
i decide to leave the bike there .
whatever awesome sauce this place had previously has been replaced by epic failure .
_num_ star .
_num_ stars .
end result : fail .
the new ownership of this place needs to shape up or leave .
he does n't listen to your requests .
i will never spend another dime in this place !
the staff this time was rude , unhelpful and ignored us .
sorry , but we wo n't be back .
i walked in looking to buy a new road bike .
wrong .
i had just upgraded to a new chain _num_ month ago .
they said i was not going to have to pay for it .
no explanation .
since then , i 've found _num_ offices that will do it .
instead her comments were defensive and short and her tone was flat .
if i could give zero stars i would .
she is getting better with the antibiotics , but it 's a slow process .
they also did not feed my dog two of her meals .
what kind of facility would do such a horrible thing ?
she commented that i could have had the surgery done while she was boarded .
the vets do not know what they are doing .
very poor service .
used to love boston chicken but it 's declined too much .
the manager tracy clearly hates both her life and her job .
nothing too hard , _num_ minutes is fine .
when i arrive there , i tell them i 'm picking up my order .
_num_ people were there , counting me .
i eat the first bite , the vegetables and meat were sort of cold .
horrible decision .
horrible service .
i admit , that was probably all my fault though .
i did n't care anymore .
too frustrated .
chicken and bread was cold when i got it .
this location is a bit run down and needs some work .
i will not be going back to this location in the future .
nasty , nasty , nasty !
and replaced it , but we did n't feel much like eating after that .
they do absolutely no follow-up and could care less .
advice ... find another doctor .
total scam .
shocking , as they had worked on this car for years .
took it elsewhere and it was immediately repaired .
shame when a business changes and quality goes down .
disappointing !
i gave the `` ok '' so i knew what i was getting .
i 've been to scottsdale nails twice , today was my second time .
do n't let this happen to you .
the others i 've had have been very rough .
i am forced to try some other nail salons .
not a fan .
bad practice .
when giving scottsdale nails stars , i had to really think it about .
she ruined my experience and she did n't care that she had done so .
i sucked that up , but kept in in my memory bank .
that is the only nice thing i can say .
i simply have never experienced horrid service like this .
she was n't surprised and suggested i try another gal .
after much thought , i chose another salon all together .
not from az but decided on a business trip to get my nails done .
felt like my mani/pedi was not done very well .
overall it was not the best mani/pedi i 've had .
to make things worse , they speak in vietnamese about salon clients .
so why spend more for rude attention ?
their pedicures are decent , nothing special but appropriately priced .
i recently got into the gel manicure trend .
my nail is still lumpy and i will not be returning .
i went there last friday before a hair appointment next door .
unfortunately , i left her a really nice tip before looking at my nails .
the polish on them is horrible !
the sides and bottom were not polished .
one of the worse jobs i 've ever had .
she does n't care at all about her customers .
she said there was nothing they could do about it .
this lady has no business working at the front and dealing with customers .
do not waste your money on this place !
i made a huge mistake by going here !
the owner is completely rude and obnoxious and clearly does not appreciate good customers .
today , i brought my son to my routine gel manicure visit .
this comment completely blew me away .
sadly , after this incident ... i will never ever return there .
i gave a mani/pedi to my daughter as a gift .
she had the worst nail experience of her life .
she was then handed off to another tech to do her pedicure .
shoes are ruined .
i wish i had treated her to any other nail salon but this one !
the place looks nice but has poor business practices .
with so many other salons not worth going to this one .
service here is hit or miss .
when she was done , she told me to sit for _num_ minutes .
front desk extremely rude and unprofessional .
this was by far the worst nail experience i 've had in my life .
however , i personally will not be coming in again any time soon .
i just get the feeling that all is not above board .
no other business would keep its employees .
their staff was not friendly at all .
they need some phone help so the staff is n't so stressed out .
i '' m surprised the reviewer before me got in so fast .
home of the ten dollar burrito ?
first , the salsas are lacking .
secondly , what the hell is this , subway sandwiches at lunchtime ?
i 'm really disappointed in this location .
i told him i 'd come back another time and walked out .
this restaurant has been going downhill .
the last time i was there the food i got was sloppy and cold .
the chicken was chewy and disgusting .
i do n't think i 'll bother going again .
this is not good service.
needless to say i will never visit this location again .
this is by far the worst chipotle i have ever been to .
it is slow & inefficient .
the manager is more clueless than the staff .
not cool .
i will not be back , mark my words .
in addition i have several friends that have mentioned poor experiences with this staff .
bathrooms and restaurant floors a complete disaster .
place was a mess and sally does not belong in customer service .
sure hope chipotle reads these reviews .
slowest chipotle i have ever been to .
watching people leave after standing in line so long .
skimpy skimpy skimpy .
disappointed .
worst chipotle i 've ever been to .
they skimp on everything to the point you think it 's a joke .
also whether there 's a line or not , the service is really slow .
never really had a problem with this chipotle but had a terrible experience today .
employees were super rude from start to finish .
awful customer service .
avoided the entire middle of my burrito .
disappointing because this chipotle is very close to my house .
i will not be returning to this location .
this chipotle is very very slow .
not impressed at all with this location .
just came from this location .
absolutely unbelievable that no one apologized or explained what was happening .
so sad .
hundred degrees out waited in car with air on till _num_ o'clock .
_num_ for one tiny scoop of meat ripped off .
just left and will never go back to this chipotle .
nice concept but lacking so much .
this is literally the worst chipotle i 've ever been to .
and it also seems like there are never enough workers .
two people on that line is not enough .
they 're always out of everything and do not have back ups ready .
um , hell no .
that 's just gross .
i will not return to this location ever again .
worst chipotle i 've ever been to !
i am never going back .
first issue : long long lines due to having way too few employees working .
yes , , , i counted every person in line .
truly dreadful location .
so i hopped in my little car and off i went to phx .
she was great in ordering , but as for refilling drinks ?
not so much .
did n't help that the restaurant was _num_ % full .
it looked and tasted like the kitchen had taken old fries and refried them .
`` oh , i 'm sorry .
i could n't even ask for water because my mouth was full .
i ca n't put my finger on it but they smell bad .
for starters , the burgers .
nothing here sets it apart from any other mediocre restaurant style burger place .
my hamburger last night was clearly two frozen patties grilled with toppings .
the value for quality is n't there .
until tonight , all of our experiences at red robin had been positive .
even at this location , our past meals had been enjoyable .
tonight , though ... tonight left a sour taste in my mouth .
but the service was atrocious .
so , where was the horrible service ?
if you ca n't enjoy the experience , then why go ?
they did not offer us the appetizer and were n't very helpful .
we waited for _num_ mins and still no fries .
it was poor service on their part .
i would give them a _num_ if i could .
i 'm going to red robin many dozens of times over the years .
horrible service !
to bring out a simple cheeseburger out and a salad .
sadly this is not what i received .
sorry red robin , we wo n't be back .
too bad .
but , those days are done .
the service is inconsistent .
many tables needed to be cleaned but no one seemed to care .
sadly , not all servers understand how to make this happen .
i really do not like this .
come on , just let a server come by and take my order .
too bad .
we wo n't be going back .
nothing worked for me .
i wasted so much money and time but no results .
i 've never posted a negative in my life on anyone .
however , i feel strongly about this .
i had it reviewed by medical professionals & glad i trusted myself & md .
i would 've gotten worse , had i done this .
this is by far one of the worst starbucks .
everytime i have gone here too it is as if the ac is broken .
for one of the busiest starbucks in scottsdale , they lack quite a bit .
i stopped coming to this starbucks .
this has to be the slowest starbucks drive thru i 've ever been in !
i absolutely will not go back to this starbucks .
he is horrible .
if it was not for your customers you would have no job .
this used to be one of my favorite starbucks .
sad to say , not anymore .
but , i did n't , i said ok .
she did , and it processed correctly .
it does n't make any sense , they have unlimited access to coffee !
still just as horrible .
would n't kill you to smile and be friendly !
to say she is rude would be the understatement of the year .
it was obvious that nobody wanted to approach her or talk to her .
she is curt and just unfriendly in general .
i 've never seen such lines as i have at this drive thru .
it should n't take _num_ mins to get a coffee .
ridiculous .
on two occasions i went to jiffy lube for an oil change .
not surprising , he did it anyway .
they could not .
that was the problem .
i was walked in the office and asked to sit down .
i asked how long that would take and was told 15-20 mins .
all i wanted to do was drop the car off ?
not a jiffy lube place .
what a bunch of incompetent idiots .
i do n't recommend you have them check your air pressure in your tires .
very slow service every single time i come in .
very incompetent every time i show up here .
i recommend a different location or different company , what a mess .
the workers here are very friendly but extremely slow .
i will not be coming back to this specific location .
i hate leaving bad reviews .
the box for cleaning the windows was checked .
jiffy lube just lost me as a customer .
just plain nuts !
$ _num_ for a synthetic oil change .
i went to a place around the corner and was quoted $ _num_ .
case in point , air pressure on the tires .
nice guys though , just too much pressure too up charge .
i think he 's forgotten that he 's in a customer service business .
i wo n't be going back and can no longer recommend him !
consistently poor customer service every single time i am here .
if the location were n't convenient i would n't stop here .
unfortunately , even the two cashiers got behind !
but , i 'm sure they lose customers because of the wait for service .
i said ok no problem .
i never get treated at starbucks like that or anywhere .
maybe they should teach a class there on body language and guest service .
needless to say that was my first and last experience at the starbucks .
poor service all the way around .
baristas are not genuinely kind here.
management messed up our bill two months in a row .
only gives a days notice for things like no water .
horrible customer service .
there 's no privacy there in that regards !
greasy palms much ?
went there on a friday afternoon , only _num_ tellers working the front .
i guess they really do n't care if their clients gets help or not .
nobody wants to wait in long lines .
long wait times and poor customer service !
i arrived _num_ minutes early for my 5:00 appointment .
meanwhile _num_ people went in ahead of me .
all in all , a frustrating spend of our limited time .
the first available appointment was december 3rd .
there was a terrible wait .
unacceptable !
i am disappointed .
the factory store has crazy insane prices on bread .
it sucks .
however , the day old bread is extremely unappealing .
no one in my house would even eat it .
too bad for us , the ducks were the lucky ones .
i felt like i was making a kids sandwich , i do n't recommend .
i have been attending scottsdale bible church for over a year .
i never went inside the store after driving there .
i mean pieces of hair were just coming off in my fingers .
instead it was just made to look like a `` soccer mom '' cut .
everyone except one person had the same problem .
not sure of the owners name .
obviously , the store was really meant for drive through customers .
the prices looked comparable to fry 's , but not nearly the selection .
worst doctor and staff !
she started the ultrasound and sadly the baby did n't have a heartbeat .
at this point i am crying and my husband is holding my hand .
i did n't end up getting the shot .
that statement is false and also , my name is n't on the card .
i was so frustrated and overwhelmed , that i started crying on the phone .
worst doctor ever .
poor customer service and lack of communication .
i scheduled my appointment for _num_ .
do not recommend and will never go back .
the staff is terrible .
worst staff i ever came across .
were they expecting me not to notice and just accept their error ?
my husband and i were customers with tiffany 's cleaners in december of _num_ .
very disappointing !
definitely bad business .
not what you want in a nice , expensive dress shirt .
no , i 'm sorry , but i wo n't be back .
i 'm pretty disappointed .
sushi was just ok , nothing to rave about .
supposedly , their serving size is for _num_ people .
if all i had was that , i would still be hungry .
i remembered only _num_ booths , _num_ or _num_ tables .
not very noticeable from the parking lot .
a complimentary dessert was brought out towards the end for the guest of honor .
ugh .
the more questions we asked , the more annoyed she became .
thinly sliced beef with assorted veggies ( some greens , noodles , mushrooms ) .
we ordered some sushi too , but did n't feel that unique to me .
this place is ok i guess .
the restaurant is located in the back of a dumpy mall .
the restaurant has no ambience .
receiving a plate of room temperature sushi is never very appetizing .
the waitresses run around like chickens with their heads cut off by day .
it 's a bit old fashioned and not a big variety of rolls .
the place was dead when we visited which did n't help the ambiance .
overall the rolls had little flavor and were bland .
but the service is an absolute joke and i 'll never go back .
awkward .
it was nearly empty on a saturday night .
and the layout of the place is terrible .
service : clueless .
so confusing .
until i asked for it , which of course was too late .
it was really empty the night i went in for dinner .
just was n't really impressed with anything .
disappointing for a sushi restaurant .
and it was cooked salmon .
2nd visit here and 2nd time receiving horrible service .
the sushi is ok and the service is awful .
i ordered miso soup and my friends ordered the octopus salad to start .
finally had to walk up to the sushi bar and grab _num_ plates .
walk your lazy ass to the back and wash _num_ for us !
the sashimi was pretty good , but the rolls sucked .
i would n't recommend it nor will i be returning .
went here twice and both times the service was pretty bad .
as for the food , it was disappointing for what you pay .
the quality of my chicken katsu dinner was so bad .
i 'm pretty sure i 'm never going here again .
the service at sushi ko was terrible .
our waitress was rude .
the sushi itself was acceptable , if forgettable .
the rolls were a little loose and hard to eat .
`` , i admit to trying this place three times .
attended first visit two years ago as an invited guest of others .
second visit could be better described as an attempt .
was shown to our table immediately upon arrival by the hostess .
strike three , you 're out , sushi ko .
so a client of mine picked this for dinner .
# _num_ the sushi sucked .
i was really disappointed in the food .
steady fish , hit or miss .
traditional favorites , but where is the passion ?
# steady yellowtail ( not fresh ) and i ordered sashimi !
methinks one might get better fish cuts with more regular patronage .
i echo the service problems of other reviewers !
i could n't tell who was supposed to be helping me .
she returned w/ a glass of soda ; no vodka or lemon .
no need to bother coming here .
only _num_ in the order for $ _num_ .
would not come again or recommend .
sushi ko has recently changed both its lunch and dinner menus for the worse .
that hour no longer exists , replaced by a very unhappy choice of dishes .
we just returned last eve .
their listed hours mean nothing !
i 'm really disappointed on my visit to this great tasting sushi establishment .
really in the mood for sushi , but it was a no go .
average sushi , with weak service .
if you do go here , pick sunday as that is their deal day .
i had the worst customer service experience at this restaurant .
i will not return again .
the food was so-so ... nothing memorable .
profit over client care ?
in the average hour session , time spent was less than 15-20 minutes .
it sure upset me , once i realized it .
lots of wasted time .
i walked out and never went back .
it was scheduled about _num_ weeks out .
rescheduled _num_ weeks further out .
never had this before .
nope , sorry .
failure .
poorly staffed , doctors and nurses are not available when you need them .
no one was around when my husband was in need of medical attention .
one of several horrible times .
this place is terrible stay away .
my uncle was sent here after an extended stay at mayo hospital .
nursing quality very poor .
weekend night nurse was the worst .
was late to two of four doctor appointments due to staff error .
in short very few are skilled at this facility and all are over worked .
terrible care , no one comes when called and needed .
i used the chipotle app on my iphone to order two burritos .
when my wife cut into her burrito , it was n't what she ordered .
i was n't going to drive _num_ miles to have it changed .
she could n't eat the rice and sour cream .
i just want to make sure this does n't happen to anyone else .
hey chipotle , where is the meat ?
why is this place being so skimpy on the meat ?
i ca n't believe how disappointed my husband and i were with our meal !
the beans had zero flavor and had a slight crunch to them .
insisted there was no problem that they had done `` thousands '' .
they wo n't refund your money or compensate you in any way .
costly mistake , do n't you make it !
do not use this place !
the owner who seems to be the only employee is a nightmare .
i went here on a friday around noon to send certified tax documents .
you 're killing me !
but yesterday , mike , the owner , crossed the line .
i never sweat the small stuff .
but yesterday , mike , the owner , crossed the line .
i do not recommend this facility to anyone looking for a shipping .
the guy is rude !
his fees for the photo were $ _num_ ( higher than everywhere else ) .
after a lengthy conversation , he would only refund $ _num_ .
to me this is poor business .
i should have received a full $ _num_ refund .
do n't waste your time or money with this guy !
you are better off going to walgreens costco sams or the post office !
i know what i 'm doing , i 've applied for a passport before .
and when he handed them too me , they were faded and poor quality .
i 'm probably going to have to get more taken .
a waste of $ _num_ .
do not go to this place !
would not recommend at all !
the owner is the turn off at the business .
i do n't think this place is as great as they say it is .
teachers do n't pay that close attention .
no teacher near her .
no comfort .
however , damage was done , i would not be returning .
but , then i had a bad experience .
i have had experience getting chemical peel about _num_ times before using this service .
i felt so sick that i threw up .
they said they are all booked and unable to squeeze me in .
how rude is that ?
i will not be returning .
i wasted enough time , energy , gas , & paid time off already .
i was in twice this week .
while this is n't a huge deal to me since it was for myself .
in previous visits i 'm usually missing an item _num_ out of _num_ times .
you 're a crappy burger joint near a walmart .
got the order wrong ... .
this location and the manager are a total joke .
sara , your customer service skills suck .
worst service ever !
none at all after waiting at the counter forever .
was only _num_ of _num_ cars in line .
was asked to please pull forward so they could cook the fries .
literally _num_ minutes have passed and have not received my food .
i went to drive-thru to avoid getting out of my car .
so i called and they informed me they must have forgotten about me .
i 'm sorry , a free frosty is not going to save my order .
horrible customer service , will not be going to this wendy 's ever again !
maybe i do n't look like a motorcycle mama .
stopped at scottsdale harley to get my oil changed .
i was told today they are not going to honor it after july .
i have not sold my bike so the contract has not expired .
terrible customer service .
when i walk in , not one person greets me .
the store was not so busy that they would n't notice .
the price they allowed for my trade was $ _num_ below blue book value .
rude , just plain rude is all i can say about the sales staff .
the service department sucks .
it was falling flat on its face at top end .
they were wrong .
they took my name , phone number email ... only to completely ignore me .
i was very clear that my credit was n't that great .
but had no price tag on it .
so jeff hook me up on a test ride .
i do n't know if i will even step foot in there ever again .
but for the most part not to happy with them .
_num_ dollars around for that cost no problem had the money saved up .
the dealership is about _num_ hours from my house .
ugh .
that is not why i am upset .
the guy just looked at me and shut the door .
dang i sure miss the old store more employees bigger place .
this was `` before '' the build .
after the `` build '' i stopped in an walked around .
i guess i 'm more into the hometown feel .
that felt more like a local store then scottsdale hd .
i ended up buying my 4th hd from them ( used ) .
gross !
on top of that , my face broke out very bad .
i would strongly avoid this place !
he informed me that my oil change would be $ _num_ .
$ _num_ car wash completed my expensive experience with brake masters .
dishonest shop !
anyways , lost the recommendation name and decided to yelp around that area .
are you kidding me ?
just my luck .
we have had _num_ separate problems caused by their horrible work .
they would not refund our money .
they attempted to fix our water pump and made the car worse .
i went into crown to sell some gold and jewelry that i had .
he would give me $ _num_ for the heavy gold heart .
i 'm sure a jeweler misses it once in awhile .
they are just bad .
i am stuck with them , but you should not have to be .
horrible service , arrogant employees and too busy for you .
scheduled me _num_ weeks in the future because they were busy .
been _num_ weeks since they came out and could n't do any work .
they cant even find time to send a quote despite calling several times .
this stuff is just too high priced .
too expensive .
rude staff .
the crust was so blah and the sauce had no flavor .
the salad was better than the pizza and the wings were pretty good .
our chicken parmesan arrived obviously microwaved .
the pizza is n't even close .
not even close .
i 'm not saying that its the worst pizza ever , because its not .
was stoked to try this pizza because it seems to have several good reviews .
however , the sausage and mushroom thin crust i had was mediocre at best .
very bland , not much flavor .
the usually good food was disappointing .
and the linguini with clam sauce was tasteless .
stick with sandwiches and pizza .
uninspired and blend pizza !
it 's just not what it once was .
my wife and i split a small caesar salad ( $ _num_ ) .
we also split a _num_ '' pesto chicken pizza ( $ _num_ ) .
service was bad .
the three tables during happy hour should have been my first clue .
the crust was black b/c it was so burnt .
truly disappointed and will never be back .
never again will we be going to the restaurant !
poor service !
i may or may not come back to this location .
the bread should have been toasted more as well .
i 'm not sure what the hype is about this place !
after about _num_ bites , the salad was gone .
unacceptable .
are you kidding me ?
i 'm more than disappointed that i gave them a second chance .
very unprofessional and way way overpriced for food that is n't even remotely good .
i 'm positive you 'll be disappointing .
i just do n't get it .
this place feels like a tgi fridays .
there are better options .
( still have a couple other options - cottage cheese , for example . )
no thanks .
the food was n't too bad .
my husband had the fish tacos which were good .
we went there tonight after costco .
i 've never even been there , so i did n't know .
the waitress `` forgot '' to take the kid 's meals off .
a groupon would normally state that .
the waitress took almost _num_ minutes to get our bill situated .
my husband was annoyed that we were waiting for so long .
oh , and it was the same temperature inside as it was outside .
my _num_ year old was sweating for the first time .
horrible service .
i waited _num_ minutes just to get the check .
she didnt deserve a tip but i gave her one .
horrible service .
we sent it back and the server was pretty apologetic .
there is nothing really stand out about this place .
worst experience ever .
do not order food from here if it matters .
there was n't anything special that grabbed my attention at this place .
overall , again it was bad , but not good .
i think k o is better left for having drinks and watching the game .
third time for disappointment ; we 'll go elsewhere now .
this is after about _num_ minutes , which is what i expected .
dude never takes their order or even offers them drinks .
when we got there , the _num_ people already there had drinks .
instead , my husband and oldest son shared their food and we just left .
terrible drinks and mediocre food .
was not impressed at all !
horrible service .
felt rushed .
the food was good and the beer cold so what went wrong ?
there was no sign and apparently even the staff did n't know this .
she made no apology , no offer to try to accommodate else elsewhere .
the second time it happened , the temperature was still _num_ degrees .
poor customer service .
it 's _num_ degrees people !
very rude .
when i called back to complain , they hung up on me .
never been treated like a garbage from a company before .
i said ok then i paid full amount and lou left .
lou didnt know so i called tom .
did n't even seem to want to fix it .
said would have tech call back .
said he would have tech call come back out .
2:30 i get a call from another person .
carpet in spare bedroom ruined .
i was n't even trying to have them replace , just honor their work .
i lost my job over a year ago .
it was my girlfriends birthday last week .
that should of been my first clue to call another florist .
tim even offered to drop the flowers off on his way home .
by day _num_ the arrangement looked a week old .
i would not recommend them .
gross .
this tastes nothing like mexican food .
tastes like they heated up some jose ole in the micro .
never going back .
decent food , average service , cheesy decor but killer margaritas .
food is n't the best .
i always feel like i ate a rock when i leave .
you can get better elsewhere .
- no place to be found !
this fell short in many ways .
for example , the fresh tomato salsa served with my fajitas was spent .
you could see they were dark , and breaking down into mush .
the fajita meat had a good grilled flavor , but dry and overcooked .
okay the first one was _num_ cents so i 'm not going to complain .
or if it was , it was n't cooked enough because it was mushy .
my kids cheese crisp was ... lame .
apparently they make those up ahead of time too with no quality control .
and the chips were no big deal .
the pastry dough was chewy , and lacked salt .
a huge disappointment ?
they werent as hot as i hoped they would be .
i could get better quality at food city .
not worth it .
a huge disappointment .
dont wan na go back .
even the `` spicy '' salsa failed to live up to its name .
i took one bite and then looked at it and it was pink .
chicken obviously is n't supposed to be pink .
not sure why i kept going back .
not the end of the world .
then my husband and i were going to share the chicken fajita quesadilla .
this place was pretty bad .
low budget food at high budget prices .
the waitress did n't know a thing about the food .
she kept telling us she had no idea , no matter what we asked .
soda 's were flat .
it seems that everywhere i go , the sodas are flat or tasteless .
the food was a total disappointment .
the nachos were huge but not good at all .
the meat tasted what i would imagine canned dog food would taste like .
the guacamole had already turned brown when the food arrived .
too expensive for the quality .
ate more and much tastier foods at local mexican joints for significantly less .
i would never return to this place .
also no waters were given to us until requested .
this restaurant is expensive with poor food and service .
not very clean and not very cool .
we ate here for the first time as we purchased a groupon .
we ate here for lunch .
they serve chips , salsa , and refried beans as a starter .
the entrees were subpar - we 've had much better mexican food other places .
we wo n't eat here again , even if we have another groupon offered .
skip it .
while it was colorful and inviting , the service and food was dreadful .
it took another _num_ minutes to get our food .
instead of a $ _num_ check it was $ _num_ .
needless to say , we wont be going back .
i used to eat at this restaurant all the time .
not sure what happened and it 's a shame !
i agree with the other posters that say the service has gone downhill too .
like how there 's no mexican 's anywhere in sight ?
never ever will go there again .
they said , oh , i thought you were waiting for someone .
it took _num_ minutes more just to get that and the place was dead .
i was so annoyed .
when the food arrived it was nasty .
i was so disgusted and tried to get the attention of someone , anyone .
so , i paid my $ _num_ bill and left .
terrible service from beginning to end .
bad hosts , bad server .
it sucks .
the service runs so hot and cold it can be embarrassing .
two days later i took a party of _num_ there from work .
it was 1pm when we walked in .
restaurant _num_ % full .
what a shame .
camelback store does not have this problem .
guess there 's no hope .
wrong !
which i found odd that there was zero salt on the rim .
i stated that it was fine and i really did n't want the drink .
my friends drink was just as bad .
place left standing .
i lost a bet .
it came with cold chicken tasting as though it had been boiled .
i ate about two bites before sending it back .
bad choice for a saturday lunch .
no big deal i guess .
one burrito and a grilled chicken salad .
service was lousy .
i also blame their management for poor training .
what can i say , this place is the worst !
if the restaurant is bad , imagine the kitchen !
if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
went here thinking we could get cheap yummy mexican .
the only thing that was cheap was the quality of the food .
same prices as the other mexican restaurants i like much better .
the parking was a little weird .
i honestly think calling her a bitch would be giving her credit .
the server did n't arrive at the table for close to five minutes .
needless to say we wo n't be returning .
there were _num_ cars in the very dark parking lot .
after several minutes of waiting , we left .
wo n't be coming back here again .
disappointed that the bean dip and the queso had chorizo .
now , i am not a super strict vegetarian .
it kind of killed my appetite so i was done after two pieces .
my husband also ordered pork taquitos which he was underwhelmed by .
but what really turned me off was the bill .
$ _num_ total .
$ _num_ does not make sense .
our server did n't seem so charming and accommodating anymore .
the food was definitely not was i was hoping for .
i really wish hygiene were more of a priority .
that booth , however , had sticky seats and table .
house margs are good cheap and big .
horrible service , greasy food , orders always incorrect .
horrible service .
horrible management .
bad experience overall .
not talking seems to be a trend at this establishment .
bad experience to say the least .
chips are good but food quality and temperature were very poor .
i hate giving bad reviews but this place is horrible !
wrong !
and to make matters worse the food is disgusting !
gross .
horrible , overpriced , reheated frozen crap .
they should be embarrassed .
page menu , plastic rice , terrible meals .
horrible service !
waiter refused to place my appetizer while he was taking drink orders .
i then ordered to fish tacos which were horrible .
after about _num_ mins after leaving i began to become very sick .
if you want to have the worst service and food come on in !
unfortunately , the enchilada was horrible .
it was tasteless , old and completely falling apart .
i picked at it and ended up with about _num_ bites .
the chips and dip was the only bonus out of the entire meal .
this place just sucks .
could n't remember why .
based on my experience ; however , we strongly recommend valle luna .
it 's not like these fajitas were cheap either .
apparently their _num_ cents margs do n't contain any tequila .
what happened to this place .
wo n't be visiting this location again !
barely a large cup , much less than a `` bowl '' of soup .
unfortunately , this restaurant deserves the ratings that it had .
service was spotty and the food was so-so .
she seemed annoyed to have to explain the different kinds of margaritas available .
poor greasy food .
dirty and bad service .
do n't use the bathroom .
looked like a few pepper slices mixed with a whole onion .
my wife got the chicken chili relleno .
it came drenched in cheese that was actually soupy at the bottom .
surprisingly bad .
do n't waste your time here .
the food here is so salty and gross .
it was probably the worst taco salad i 've ever had .
my friend 's burrito looked nothing like the photo .
the price was nice but there was nothing special about my food .
it took another _num_ minutes to get our check and our food .
small portions , food was ok .
the place was empty on valentine 's ... should have been our first clue .
went tonight for first time .
should not even give it one star .
my food was undercooked and bland ( what i could eat ) .
our server was rude , disrespectful and completely incompetent .
i can not believe how bad the service was .
we asked for salsa _num_ times and had to wait _num_ minutes for salsa .
never ever going back .
i warn all of you to avoid this place at all costs .
green corn tamale was tasteless .
service was slow .
that should be standard on a _num_ plate of food .
worst customer service .
i 've visited this location numerous times as it 's located near my office .
been sitting at the bar for over _num_ min .
horrible mistake .
horrible service .
never get a call , but at 8am the installers arrive .
now i know why the others do n't install on-site .
save yourself the aggravation and take your business elsewhere .
bill was more interested in telling me that he could not solve my problem .
also , the office would want to see me at that time .
very disappointed and i would not recommend this office or procedure !
so i went to yelp to read reviews for this and other locations .
no wonder they do n't want any more contact from their website .
it appears this company has problems from top to bottom .
to write a certain number of characters .
there yelp , is that enough info for ya !
however , i fixed the issue and tried to communicate that to them .
please save yourself the headache and look else where .
management is almost nonexistent .
this company manages our hoa in north scottsdale , and they 're horrible .
i quit after _num_ holes .
i doubt i 'll spend my golfing dollars there again .
i remember it used to be in better condition however .
after yesterday though , i hate the place .
waited _num_ min .
the woman driving the beverage cart was rude and impatient .
just a poor experience and will not be returning .
as you can imagine it was quite the mess .
too hot in the summer to be running behind all day .
overall , just a horrible experience and i will never play here again !
did n't care .
the starter said too bad .
i 'm never going back .
too many other options in the valley to play .
skip it and find another course .
the driver confirmed that we were going to devil 's martini , old town .
we 're confused since it does n't look like old town .
and charge them $ _num_ per person .
so apparently , we did n't have one jerk driving , we had two .
overall it was a very expensive and disappointing experience .
overall it was a very expensive and disappointing experience .
the man tells me $ _num_ each way .
when we arrive , he hands me an invoice for $ _num_ .
i 'm thinking , car services have only one job , right ?
needless to say , i did n't call for a ride home .
the man tells me $ _num_ each way .
when we arrive , he hands me an invoice for $ _num_ .
i 'm thinking , car services have only one job , right ?
needless to say , i did n't call for a ride home .
the driver had no idea where the place was which kind of surprised me .
never got an answer as to what really went on .
no surprise .
would not recommend them in any way shape or form .
poor customer service even though they say satisfaction guaranteed .
i ran over and stopped the driver explaining that we have an account .
finally they approved and i left , after ten minutes outside the airport .
just poor form on the drivers part .
worst customer service ever .
unless you want your night ruined .
when i got there , the driver was very rude .
after _num_ mins , he ended up having the change all along .
terrible experience .
i am so disgusted .
they are just the worst !
i just had the worst experience with this service .
the driver was _num_ mins late with no call .
there are too many other car services available .
my second ride was awful .
the music was loud , especially for the wee hours of the morning .
not honest and no integrity .
he then added another $ _num_ on the bill back to our hotel .
so ok , i guess .
i should have insisted upon a receipt .
so the driver got the tip in cash and on the credit card !
so customers beware of the drivers using your credit card .
insist upon a receipt no matter what they say .
again the car was warm , not very clean and the trunk was broken .
but as i said , they were very prompt in picking us up .
horrible .
the driver dropped us off at the restaurant without an issue .
after _num_ minutes with me standing in the cold he finally showed up .
i made a prepaid reservation for pick-up at sky harbor .
lesson learned ; this company does not care about its customers .
it 's like a bad it department .
i went into this store in may to transfer my service from verizon .
this entire thing has cost me over $ _num_ dollars of my money .
do not go there , you will be ripped off .
the options described on the website are extremely deceiving .
this was suppose to be a _num_ hour `` experience '' .
moreover , the majority of the instructors were very unprofessional .
overall , a terrible experience .
it was n't even record heat , just normal june heat .
totally not worth it .
this was lunch time though and i was n't looking for any mood lighting .
the next thing i did n't like was that it felt like a bar .
was i free to sit anywhere i want ?
of course , no !
alas , i sat down again and looked through the menu .
where is the _num_ calorie meals ?
i wonder if the _num_ calorie meals were only offered for dinner .
i did n't bother to ask either so i just walked out .
the service was about as bad as it gets .
the food was n't very good either .
this place gets negative two stars .
i recently went there for lunch .
when my server arrived i informed her that i felt forgotten .
wrong .
i will not be going back to this chilis .
_num_ months before yesterday the burger was gross but service was good .
they used to have better food !
no beans .
no rice .
no pico de gallo .
what the hell ?
we also ordered the california grilled chicken flatbread appetizer .
all of the food was cold , and we only live five minutes away .
they tasted weird , not like how i remember .
they were seasoned very poorly .
really sad this place is n't what it used to be .
the salad came with dressing all over it and no black beans .
the server then went to our server and talked about it with attitude .
the food was horrible .
the steak was not cooked and the meat tasted like gum .
it did not taste fresh and everything was cold .
the servers were nice but i mean , the food was horrendous .
they need to train their line cooks how to cook food .
medium rare does not mean rare and cold .
we ordered takeout and it was horrible .
the ribs were delicious but everything else was a _num_ star experience .
the smoked chicken wings were dry and very small .
the mashed potatoes were dry and tasteless .
the cheese bites were terrible .
however , i do not think i will going back anytime soon .
this last saturday night , i went to chilies with my mother .
he said , can i get you another salad ?
the manager failed to offer any other resolution .
it 's very unfortunate .
they tried to rip us off !
then the lies started again , my boss the owner sold it by accident .
as plain as day !
the shell game and lies after lies after lies were pathetic .
very poor customer service !
everyone working there appeared unhappy , and were certainly unhelpful .
painted with oil does not deserve any stars for what happened here .
i do n't know where it came from .
but a third was n't and i felt her look me up and down .
i , on the other hand , was invisible apparently .
maybe i did n't seem important enough to help ?
so i walked out empty handed and i 'll be taking my business elsewhere .
you started off so well ... .
i get my sandwich and on it are three red tomatoes slices .
i know i sound like a brat .
i visited this location today and was more than disappointed .
i used the drive-thru , which took quite some time .
unfortunately , i have not had a good experience with this company .
i would not recommend working with this company .
i should have checked on here before visiting this place .
if i could give them no stars i would too .
they have no common sense what so ever .
do n't waste your time .
salesman said he would email us pricing for a few different brands .
complete disappointment .
the front door was _num_ inches instead of the ordered _num_ inches .
disappointing waste of time !
they `` did the installation '' , but the dishwasher never worked .
do not buy high end appliances from this company .
it is not always worth it .
he blamed the hood company for not shipping .
this is the worst company i 've ever dealt with !
two weeks later the wrong appliances showed up at our door .
no refund and no refrigerator !
who needs bad service like that ?
this is no way to treat a former customer .
had i been stopped , i would have received a ticket for no insurance .
do n't risk it , go elsewhere .
there 's some great furniture and the name says it all fiesta .
i 'm not a fan .
i ordered asada burrito with beef .
one bite another bite all i taste was lettuce .
i 'm not crazy about the blue burrito grill .
i think chipotle , qdoba , and fiesta burrito are a lot better .
this was not that place .
the food was cold .
they got my order wrong .
i wanted rice in my burrito and they left it out .
disappointed , just another mex chain restaurant .
i would rate them _num_ 1/2 stars .
more than chipotle and not as fresh i think .
this is my second visit , and maybe last ?
i got the nachos both time but i take most stuff off .
$ _num_ for my _num_ year old boy to get a buzz cut .
not worth it to sit in a taxi .
i ended the haircut promptly and left without a finished cut .
we never make appointments ( just walk in ) .
it seems as though the adjustment for mistakes cuts only one way .
these guys suck bad !
i was blatantly lied to several times about the status of my car .
their customer service and pricing is far from even being satisfactory .
i will not be trusting them with any body work again .
needless to say , my car is being repaired by van 's .
in the meantime i was paying for a rental car .
long time customer but not any longer .
this company does not care about you and does not stand behind its product .
never have i given a review this low .
i wish there was an option to do zero stars .
i could n't believe how unprofessional this company was .
it was not the remote , it was not the motor .
the waitress was rude , rude , rude and completely incompetent .
worst service ever .
do n't be fooled by this `` gourmet '' shit either .
the crust is tasteless & the quality just is n't there .
skip this joint ... .
the service was terrible .
how can italian sausage be tasteless !
and when it finally arrived , it was a whole lot less than satisfying .
here 's a pic of the pathetic pie .
fifteen dollars , ladies and gentlemen .
that 's $ _num_ per shrimp !
ugh .
went there for the gluten free menu items for my child .
she got tired of rice .
it was _num_ minutes before the waitress even took our order .
she stated no problem .
ordered for my two children the gluten free pizza .
responded with `` no she has a gluten allergy '' .
says she will have slices of the same out in _num_ minutes .
_num_ minutes later , no slices .
manager does not come over .
i would not recommend ever stepping foot in there .
i was too grossed out to even want to eat it .
we were then not followed up with by her , or even acknowledged again .
he was very cold & asked the service rep what model car i had .
i walked out of the office towards my car .
dozens of employees ran out asking to assist me .
shame on you !
i was treated rude right off the bat !
why , sell a car if you wo n't back it 's electronics ?
not the cheapest car to own or drive !
do n't treat me or others like crap !
no body , no favor .
come on folks , find someone who knows wine to pick a good selection .
i was looking forward to going to _num_ peaks after hearing great things .
- if thats the case - then why was the frosty mug created ? )
i was looking forward to going to _num_ peaks after hearing great things .
- if thats the case - then why was the frosty mug created ? )
when it came , i was again disappointed with the menu 's description .
our bill was over $ _num_ and i went home hungry .
the service was terrible and so was the food .
but , hey , free lunch .
turkey club ? ''
no one ever did own up to that turkey club .
however , upon my first two visits , the service was far from acceptable .
excuse me ?
bottom line : drive the extra _num_ miles ( seriously !
they do not sell or give away stickers .
none of us had started the new beers .
no one told us that the place was closing at _num_ .
weak .
and wear normal t-shirt sizes .
the southwest burger was good , nothing more and nothing less .
this is poor because there were several servers on the floor really doing nothing .
the oldest on staff must have been _num_ .
never will go back or ever give them a second chance .
the problem with the restaurant , is the price .
you 're better off coming here to drink and watch the scenery than eat .
okay , yes ... the place is loud .
right off , a turn off .
no such luck .
needless to say , we will not be back .
and instead of a rum and coke , we got a diet rum .
try this , and see if it 's better . ''
i do n't give a shit who did what , or why .
like , i can wait until you 're ready to leave . ''
i was so excited to go here with my husband .
having read good reviews , we were ready to have a good night out .
she ignored us for awhile and the glass sat empty .
however , that was not what we got .
even my pint of beer was $ _num_ .
, but i really must stop ordering the pasta dinner specials to go .
the flavors were n't bad , though .
-- more so than other cheesy green chile pasta dishes i 've had elsewhere .
ick .
crispy , cold and fresh salad mix .
frozen , then refried .
red sauce lost its quality too .
ugh .
# burgers are a miss in every way .
ugh .
horrible service .
they couldnt seat us for _num_ minutes even though there are open seats .
waited another _num_ for a server .
i understand the point of trying to reach out to a larger crowd .
in this case , stick to the original .
this four peaks seem stale and old .
the burgers were just ok nothing outstanding .
if you do n't mind noise , the food might be good .
it was more like overpriced fish sticks .
very disappointing .
the italian beef beer bread was over a little greasy , but not bad .
fat fat and more fat .
is what it is just does n't work for me .
just not my thing i guess .
nothing to get excited about here .
ordered up a pale ale which was respectable but downhill from there .
the culinary offerings were bland and not very well presented .
too bad the bar on a friday at 4:30 pm has an inexperienced staff .
in short , our server forgot about us .
i will patronize other local beers , breweries , and restaurants .
not a place for football sunday !
if you want to watch a game this is not the place to go !
why is everything diet here ?
i do n't get it .
eggs had no taste .
wo n't be returning , though the service was ok .
i am a little disappointed in az tile right now .
the second was on saturday they state their hours are until 3pm .
what a nightmare with product we are using from arizona tile .
the product in my mind , was not packaged correctly .
make sure you get everything in writing .
so , this was supposed to be an exciting , memorable event !
how did they mess up our reservation ?
pretty ridiculous it seems , and i did n't notice other companies charging that .
we ended up very much not happy .
what an incredibly bad experience .
it always seems like they are understaffed at the registers .
not attentive at all .
i looked around the windows and doors dept .
worst customer service i have ever received .
i did n't want a refund , i just wanted a different size !
it 's two months later and no gift card !
got to my place and and key failed to work both of them .
well , is n't this awkward ?
long story short .
not helpful .
if i owed $ _num_ , why did n't they tell me that ?
so glad i spent all of this money on absolutely nothing .
one star is one star too many .
i had a lot of problems with his office and wo n't be back .
rip off !
five months later i get another unexpected bill for over $ _num_ .
they told me that they would write off the $ _num_ .
i do n't see how they can continue to stay in business .
i avoided this place because there were always people from my office here !
not very healthy either .
maybe i 'm just totally over the whole concept of bread companies .
_num_ ) kids meal should could with fruit and/or vegetable .
a grilled cheese sandwich and a cookie is not a balanced meal .
the side of fruit at over $ _num_ is ridiculous .
there should be a kids fruit side at the very least .
i find this upsetting as i am such a regular customer .
nope .
i would not recommend to a friend .
consistently inconsistent .
i hate that it 's never the same .
clearly should have stopped going after the first visit .
just save your money and time and go to paradise bakery !
wildflower has weird tasting food - sauces , bread , cheese , sides .
no normal food here .
first and last time here .
this location was a disaster .
so yeah ... confusing - but anyway , that 's neither here nor there .
not worth the money .
my sandwich was poorly thrown together .
this is ridiculous .
but the last is the worst .
over _num_ for a lens i will never use .
went to check out showroom and was never greeted by anyone .
the selection was boring !
this should 've been the first warning .
so that _num_ weeks turned into _num_ weeks .
i 've called every day since monday and no one will call me back .
i will never make another purchase from this company ever again !
i can not recommend this to anyone .
but it looks like i 'll have to keep on passing on by .
started off with some chips and salsa ... pretty standard .
i also tried the shrimp burro ... aka a big shrimp burrito .
the last thing i tried was the beef enchiladas .
skip the frozen margaritas !
margs have a strange after taste and the salsa is very bland .
their only redeeming quality during our visit was the waitress was very pleasant .
after reading reviews and looking at pictures , i had to try it .
the carne asada -- not good .
it was very salty and kind of gross .
i feel bad because our server was so nice !
star _num_ - how was the service and atmosphere ?
star _num_ - how were the portions relative to the cost ?
even for gourmet mexican , that 's too much .
no star granted .
especially paying $ _num_ ?
star _num_ - would you eat it every day if you could ?
no star granted .
unfortunately all i got was the greasy part .
the shredded beef was dry and the whole plate was just too salty .
i just wish the rest of the meal had lived up to the chips .
just tried to get a menu to place an order for an office .
walked in and stood up front for _num_ minutes before anyone even acknowledged us .
do n't waste your time or money !
after reading reviews on yelp we decided to try this place .
the iced tea was terrible , light brown and had a weird after taste .
sad to say we were sorely disappointed !
had the buffet ... absolutely terrible .
we went there for lunch yesterday .
my chimichanga was doughy , and tamale was like cake - very airy masa .
you can get better food and service elsewhere .
do not waste your time and money .
my husband loves the food , however , i do n't care for it .
it only costs $ _num_ more each !
your sign says breakfast until _num_ .
this would have never happened had there been a manager on .
meh , very mediocre .
not real flavorful .
will not recommend !
he acts like he cares but in the end he is a fraud .
before we met with him , we talked to his associate .
the meeting lasted _num_ hours .
the meeting ended , he gave asked if he could hug me ... .
the next morning he called and said he could not help us anymore .
steve knew this and said `` no problem '' .
this company does not even deserve _num_ star .
i wasted _num_ 1/2 hours to be told the cameras were a problem .
i 've been seeing but she is very young & definitely lacks experience .
just _num_ day of treatment & i 'm feeling & looking better already .
it 's no wonder their office has gotten bad reviews .
no thanks !
my gel manicure did n't even last a week .
i mentioned my appointment that i booked online when i walked in .
my daughter did n't care for her nail lady .
not a fan .
gel pedi , french mani and eyebrows .
all three were not good quality .
my eyebrows are not even , and that really bugs me .
all three services were $ _num_ .
my office is only _num_ miles from their location .
this place is the worst .
the food is not that tasty and the soup is no good .
the delivery guy henry short changes you and is rude and in appropriate .
poor customer service and sells expired food .
she indicated she would have a designer contact me .
i guess she must be doing very well to turn away business .
overall i 'm disappointed with the results .
after two weeks , i went to pick up the car .
luckily , he signed off on the extra expense .
has lost its way .
they quoted me a dentist and _num_ specialists and $ _num_ .
glad i switched to another place .
i would n't recommend this company .
the initial measurements were wrong so first installer could n't do the job .
i lost a days work for nothing .
they do not install on saturdays .
this time my wife lost a days work .
why would n't you keep the same guy to return again .
i contacted the salesman because the door has no closing device .
a month has gone by still no follow up .
expensive and somewhat disappointing .
lost our future business .
pretty bad customer service or should i say non-existent .
they prescribed and sold my husband contact lenses in january of _num_ .
due to huge vision changes he was n't able to use them .
as of october _num_ we still have not received anything .
there are better clinics that you can trust .
pretty bad customer service or should i say non-existent .
they prescribed and sold my husband contact lenses in january of _num_ .
due to huge vision changes he was n't able to use them .
as of october _num_ we still have not received any money .
there are better clinics that you can trust .
is n't there supposed to be `` shrimp '' in `` shrimp enchilada '' ?
service was marginal and food was not very good .
let 's just say i like the old one better .
unfortunately , there are so many broken seats !
so not comfortable .
i like that they have light lemonade though .
however , i am _num_ years old .
_num_ called , they want their theatre back .
facilities were clean but that 's about the only good thing .
however , the seats are super uncomfortable .
they also would n't let me bring my water bottle in .
small screens , big time price .
where is the stadium seating ?
small screens because the theaters are small .
one of the worst theaters i have been to in _num_ years !
not once but twice ... wrong soda on first visit .
no one should have to leave a movie to go complain to management .
that 's only adding insult to injury .
no online seat reservations like regal and others .
the larger problem was the seats themselves .
our normal theater is a regal in gilbert .
nothing could be further from the truth .
regal and amc have my business .
very noisy people .
also , if you have a cough stay home !
also another issue and this for all theaters .
i was seriously offended by the way i was treated .
finally i convinced him to call another technician to come and service the pump .
turns out the pump was completely destroyed .
however , the last winter they failed to come .
i 'm so glad i am done with this company .
the communication and follow up from the service department is horrible .
they removed the pump and i did not hear from them for _num_ days .
worst company to work with .
had multiple problems with installation as well .
i should have listened to my fellow co-workers and avoided this credit union .
how wrong i was .
each month i pay extra ( almost double ) of the monthly car loan .
but went in today and my actual session was about _num_ min .
by this time it was _num_ min into apt .
discount spa or not i want what i pay for .
so $ _num_ .
so do n't complain about locals not supporting small businesses .
really tee 'd off the wife .
suggest bring a cooler or just book another hotel ; no ambience at pool .
bad experience from entrance to exit ... not recommended .
the ice cream cake we just purchased was horrible !
$ _num_ bucks for this ?
who is more disappointed the kids or the parents ?
not the friendliest folks in there .
ben and jerry 's sadly were unable to stay on and had to close .
i went to this place a total of _num_ times .
this made the visit uncomfortable and in my opinion was out of line .
my japanese teriyaki with shrimp tasted off as did the vegetable spring rolls .
do n't waste your time or taste buds !
food is inconsistent at this location .
management was notified and they made her a new order and comped the meal .
needless to say , we did n't want to finish eating .
i 'm sorry to say , but my food was disgusting .
the bad : pork egg rolls .
he never did , i called and spoke to him .
he assured me he would issue a credit , did not do this either .
i tried calling the mgr all morning .
no one picked up until 11:30 .
no call back .
of course , `` it 's just not possible '' .
tell that to my toilet !
the food is slow to come out and you pay more and get less .
what a disappointment !
it is awful .
i 'm no longer going .
call before , you go pick up to make sure your order is ready .
just keeps getting worse .
in the end the order was over _num_ minutes late .
and in fact , the gluten free options i tried were pretty good .
gluten free asian fusion is not difficult .
probably will not be returning any time soon .
only took five minutes to tour .
i did like the sand in the bunkers .
the greens were horrible .
set up a _num_ man tournament here .
ruined an otherwise good experience and we will never come back .
never in my _num_ years of golf have i seen anything like this .
i paid $ _num_ to play _num_ holes , the front nine twice .
on my way in i passed the same groups on _num_ .
the service was terrible .
food was ok so we ended up just getting room service for most meals .
not this camper .
it is by far the worst ( what they call ) luxury hotel experience .
if you dont own , dont go there .
other staff seem to be quite friendly .
the easter brunch was less than impressive with limited selections .
but i was quickly over that .
just plain awkward and uncomfortable .
when you are here you really just want to finish up and leave .
the food is completely uninspired .
i have had cilantro lime roasted corn before and that was spectacular .
the flat iron steak was fine but not spectacular .
the kale side was sour and not good , also served fairly cool .
no lotion , no massage , nothing .
i pay $ _num_ in santa barbara and it lasts up to _num_ weeks !
for paying over $ _num_ , this manicure was worthless .
nothing special .
it does not feel like you are at four seasons .
not a four seasons more like a double tree .
this was one thing that really ruined my stay .
a five star hotel should not have stained carpets .
the service is not en par with the price point .
the room was beautiful except for the ugly holiday inn curtains .
not what i expect from a four seasons .
the four seasons offered _num_ small apps that were actually awful tasting .
most venues offer large buffets at no extra charge to the bride and groom .
i was starving at this point and dinner was finished .
for the money i would say go elsewhere if you can .
i was there from feb _num_ through _num_ .
the room they put me in had construction noise outside all day long !
room _num_ .
i was not able to use the patio .
when i complained all they said was `` i 'm sorry '' .
unbelievably disappointing mothers day experience at the four seasons .
wrong .
horrible .
our waiter even commented how they looked different than usual .
ugh .
my smoked chicken cob salad was very disappointing .
the iceberg lettuce was brown and soggy .
what a sad experience for a _num_ star hotel .
very sad .
however , we found several nice restaurants about 15-20 minutes away .
a few days later we gave proof another chance for breakfast .
despite taking it twice they still brought me the wrong beer .
my steak was so-so .
as for the other things to do ... there 's not much .
my wife , who goes to spas much more often , was not impressed .
poor customer service .
not a comfortable atmosphere from the baristas .
everyone much more friendly at carefree highway store !
walked out without buying the items i picked out .
seriously rude & condescending staff .
overall this was a poor experience and the employees need more customer service training .
service was terrible .
in addition to the cold water ( which she warmed up upon request ) .
the manicure was not .
she put the tools in alcohol for only about _num_ seconds .
i would not recommend this salon .
just gross in this place who caters to high market clients .
not sanitary !
i went in for a manicure and was disgusted at the tools .
the other tools went back into her case without being cleaned .
i asked for his name and he would not give it to me .
they are rude !
i ordered the filet mignon , medium-rare and it came out essentially burnt .
i had n't realized before that you could dry out such an oily fish .
to top it off , my baked potato was far from being finished baking .
the food was not good .
my party had steaks and they were overpriced and not that good .
i was soooo disappointed in all of the food .
the steak tasted like it was fried in a pan .
there was zero flavor and it definitely did not come off a grill .
the salad was lettuce with ranch thrown on it .
my boyfriend ordered the largest steak dinner $ _num_ .
his steak was the _num_ lb porterhouse .
nothing special and definitely not worth $ _num_ .
so far , these lousy steak dinners cost us $ _num_ .
still , it took the bartender _num_ minutes to come over and say hello .
he then walked away .
it took another _num_ minutes before we could order food .
no check printed or presented .
i will never return to this place .
_num_ for the live music too .
overall : i was underwhelmed by my visit .
anyway , this place sucks .
even the corn was ice cold !
how do you mess up corn ?
friendly people but food is only fair at best .
this place is ok except all the old ties everywhere .
some people like that i guess , but i avoid this place .
absurd .
$ _num_ a piece for an onion ring ?
but it must have been a small chicken .
a waste .
the answer here ... not for a long long time .
the food is very mediocre .
the step down out the front door needs to be addressed .
the floor drops down about _num_ inches right outside the door .
the steak , a little worse than average .
the server seems to be annoyed that he had to be there .
the host was not much better .
the food was horrible and bland .
nothing was even close to being good .
$ _num_ for corn on the cob ?
is there gold in the beef ?
there were maybe _num_ people sitting outside on a wednesday night .
and the singer they had sucked too .
service was fine but the food was terrible .
very poor sign for a steakhouse !
every table has hard benches which were hard on the butt .
the burgers only come w/ beans .
potato , salad , and corn are all extra .
steak was good service was not good , and very slow .
beautiful scenery but overall over all over priced , , , would not recommend .
what a huge disappointment this restaurant is .
the service was terrible .
perhaps the equivalent of applebee 's at prices that were about double that .
this place is terrible !
wtf my dog can cook a cheeseburger .
so disappointed .
no stars !
hamburger plan was $ _num_ and tasted like a piece of shoe leather .
then had to pay $ _num_ for a basket of fries .
my dining partner 's porterhouse was cold inside .
not good .
beans accompanying the meal were bland .
she also did not hesitate when we sent the steaks back .
ambiance : _num_ star : for families , no bid deal .
for couples , a picnic bench is not what you 're looking for .
loud , but that 's what we expected .
the potatoes were bland and needed onions , herbs and seasoning .
horrible service every time .
( yuck ) bacon was burnt to a crisp .
it was literally black and tasted like charcoal .
the hash browns were raw and had a pool of grease under them .
really bad !
are n't you paying for the same egg either way ? ''
if it did , business would drop like a rock .
there will not be a next time .
_num_ minutes for waiter to get to our table .
food came _num_ minutes after we ordered .
they gave us a discount but the service was just unacceptable .
otherwise i would not have given them any stars .
very poor service .
would not recommend and will never use their service again .
$ _num_ to wash a shirt ?
$ _num_ to dry clean a sport coat ?
this subway somehow always makes me sick .
i suggest not ordering anything there and making a sandwich at home .
very small space , forget finding a table at lunch time .
seriously , i think my `` sandwich artist '' was counting black olives .
ugh , i truly dislike that this is the closest subway to my work .
i do n't like subway , but i do n't mind it .
they are quick but not very courteous .
sometimes i need to repeat myself because they are n't paying attention .
they use a sub-par amount of veggies .
sometimes it 's really hard for restaurants to find good employees .
_num_ minutes and still waiting to order sat .
just ugh .
- but the hostess ( i was ordering takeout ) recommended chow mein instead .
the noodles were spaghetti noodles , not chinese noodles .
i ca n't believe i wasted $ _num_ on this crap .
the hot and sour soup was orange .
we ended up throwing all of the food away minus about _num_ bites .
nevertheless , we wo n't go back .
unfortunately we were n't very happy with how our food tasted .
our crab rangoon , and fried rice were too salty .
our egg rolls and won tons in our soup were bland .
i do n't think i 'll return again .
this place used to be much much better years ago .
still on a search to find good , authentic chinese food in no .
to say that to a chinese couple is like a slap in the face .
it 's certainly not worth the prices .
we had the chicken with string beans and the salt and pepper shrimp .
we could n't understand it .
this place is not very good at all .
please save yourself some money and do n't eat there .
we could not even finish our food because its so nasty .
lettuce tasted like it had dirt on it .
frankly , the only thing edible was the egg roll .
way too expensive for the bad food you get .
small on portions , big on price !
likely wo n't be back .
ordered takeout for _num_ and was told our bill was $ _num_ .
a $ _num_ mistake adding !
just said they were sorry .
i visited here with my dad for lunch .
frankly , i thought it was terrible .
i ca n't even remember what i ordered .
i know the egg drop soup was just god awful .
i tried pouring in about a gallon of soy sauce , but no dice .
and , again , cold beer .
this place is awful .
i 'm sorry , there 's just no nice way of saying it .
dinner was not even close to good.
shockingly bad may be another way to put it.
the worst thing is the food .
the food i brought home was terrible .
the whole family was very disappointed .
sesame chicken and thai chicken curry .
put on hold for over _num_ minutes finally hang up call back .
no apologies .
no apology or any type of compensation .
this was a complete fail .
we will not be back .
my husband and i stopped for take-out .
and unfortunately the food did not not taste good .
and it is a difference of $ _num_ for locals !
lame , lame , lame .
golf was good , service was laughable .
what a disappointment .
yes , that 's right , our round was _num_ hours + .
the greens were a little sandy and definitely slower than we all expected .
and it absolutely does not .
brutal .
most bunkers had little to no sand and were like concrete .
for most of the round , we have _num_ groups on every hole .
service is slow .
anyways that 's the only thing i like at this store .
employees are rude .
not a good comment from an employee to a customer .
this fry 's is depressing .
the deli area is frequently out of high demand food items .
even though this store is less than _num_ miles from my home .
i will drive over twice the distance to shop at another grocery .
simply put , this fry 's has not earned our business .
lack of leadership may be a starting point .
like that they have a red box , but who does n't these days ?
wo n't be back .
they act like they do n't need customers .
this store does n't work very well for me .
i put the car in reverse , went to the window and waited .
i explained that the sandwich was cold and the cheese was frozen .
the cheese is cold though '' .
a couple minutes later a guy handed me a bag with a new sandwich .
i was afraid to open the bag but i was brave .
this time the chicken was hot and everything was cold .
i could n't even eat it .
i just ended up throwing it away .
they have lost my business .
this burger king is very dumpy , and looks like it needs an upgrade .
gross !
always regret eating at bk .
in _num_ years , we have never gotten the correct order .
there is always something wrong .
very bad experience using the drive-thru this morning !
she just said that she could not understand which item i was asking for .
there is other places around , why did i stop here ?
i would not recommend this contractor .
not professional .
went in for a few highlights on shoulder length hair .
she messed up the highlights and they were very chunky up front .
this was one of the most uncomfortable hair experiences i have encountered .
stylist theresa gets a _num_ star review .
however new owner of salon gets a zero .
do n't go there unless you have a stylist you love .
horrible !
terrible customer service !
took my _num_ yr old daughter for a simple wash , cut and style .
then my charges were $ _num_ more than the posted price .
are you kidding me ?
this is so lame !
you 've been warned .
we were all extremely disappointed .
greens were slow and uneven .
if you remember the old eagle mountain you will be disappointed .
like that 's my problem .
plus many of the fairways are in terrible shape .
the salon itself is dated and the quality of work below par .
she did a poor job on my toes .
i can go on and on , but it 's not really worth it .
they should have to install ventilation for the workers .
i wo n't be going back .
some of the worst service i 've received in awhile .
also , the place was very dingy and dirty .
skip it .
i gave this place one star because you can not pick zero .
i ordered a sausage pizza and it tasted like cardboard .
yuck , just yuck .
the chicken dish was very tough and chewy and the pasta was very dry .
the eggplant was greasy and dry .
very disappointing .
by the way , there was no apology or explanation as to what happened .
bad pizza .
bad customer service .
too inconsistent for me .
crust tends to be overcooked so if like that , this is the place .
like the fresh tomatoes but lacking in flavor from the other toppings .
maybe it 's cause the crust is too heavy .
there are better options especially in scottsdale .
i never though anyone could mess up pizza until i try this place .
_num_ times in a row of this - we will not return .
do n't stay here unless you want the maid to steal your clothes !
not proper housekeeping !
_num_ weeks prior to our trip he made the reservations and we received confirmation .
the receptionists agreed that this was unacceptable .
disappointed , does n't describe how we felt .
so , no , we will not be returning to inn at eagle mountain !
we will not be recommending the inn at eagle mountain .
quite disappointed !
`` free wifi '' that i was not able to access in my suite .
the `` suite '' was less than what i would have expected .
obviously , the designer of the room felt completely different .
i could go on , but you get the drift .
counted the cars that evening and _num_ cars existed .
does n't seem very full to me .
the room _num_ was outdated and stains on the carpet .
we paid $ _num_ for a room where it should 've been $ _num_ .
the staff is curt and not very consistent .
the rooms are extremely loud !
horrible when you would like to sleep in a bit on your vacation .
the amenities are none existent .
the pool is a bit larger than a six person hot tub .
checked in with no problems and was given the card keys to our room .
unbelievable ... we got bumped and sent down the road to a courtyard marriott .
this place is a mess !
in the room everything is old and worn out .
the large floor tiles were loose and a hazard .
the microwave oven was broken and the small refrigerator was vintage _num_ .
not what you expect at $ _num_ + a night .
avoid this place at all costs .
however , communication shut down after numerous attempts to try and book another stay .
the review that follows is from our experience in may _num_ .
i am very disappointed with how we were treated .
one of the worst customer service experiences i have encountered in a long time .
so we made it there twenty minutes after check in time .
not a big deal and we wait for someone to check us in .
she is frustrated and tells me to spell it .
then says , `` nope , sorry and we are totally booked . ''
she does n't want to hear it .
i was really upset at this point and just wanted to leave .
it was obvious they could care less .
we were so disappointed and could not believe the poor customer service we received .
a bug landed on me as i was falling asleep .
musty smell in the room .
probably would not stay here again .
i thought i could deal with it till it got really bad .
poor business practice and manners .
not sure what approach with this but i will take my money else where !
i was so disgusted i 'll never go near this place again .
i was excited to try dj 's bagels after reading all the positive reviews .
i arrived and it was quite busy , still looking good .
the last two times i went to dj 's i had bad experiences .
there was a lady bug in my greek salad .
i will no longer buy bagels here anymore .
ordered _num_ egg & cheese on tasted bagel sandwiches .
except it takes longer than one minute to cook eggs and toast bagels .
the cold rubbery eggs were obviously cooked long before we arrived .
bagels were n't toasted .
cheese was that awful `` american '' stuff that comes in slices .
must have been _num_ days old .
cream was dry and pastry was soggy .
do n't believe the ratings .
i did n't even finish half of my food and i threw it away .
would n't recommend any coming in after _num_ pm !
why one star ... ok i 'll get to that with the last sentence .
oh my goodness seriously ?
he was n't wearing gloves .
if it were n't for that i 'd never go in again .
staff is very rude .
overall the worst staff i 've ever seen .
the sauce was weak and flavorless .
how can you mess up a salad so badly ?
the decor needs a restaurant impossible makeover .
it is dated and tacky .
we will not be back .
high pressure , empty service .
good wine food from next door but terrible rip off .
in fact , they were kinda rude .
when i went in , the door was stuck and would n't open .
i felt really uncomfortable and like my business was n't wanted .
feels cheated .
i am not a fan of this starbucks for _num_ main reasons .
never going back .
the shrimp burrito did it to me , awful !
stay away , or you will be sorry .
the food here is ok ... it 's a hit or miss .
the service is what actually makes me only give _num_ stars though .
nothing .
sit down to my beef burrito and it 's , ummm , disgusting .
oh no , that would be muy fancy !
ca n't remember what my wife had but we did n't finish either meal .
we left before 1:30 and they had already locked the door .
service was horrible .
walked in and smelled even though they were in the middle of cleaning up .
drink came out wrong and server did n't even offer to fix it .
not even a sorry .
the food was not good .
the chicken was very very dry and slightly difficult to eat .
i ordered a hard shell shredded chicken taco , and it was unappealing .
it had no flavor , and the shells were soggy .
the rice and beans were unremarkable as well .
the only good thing about the meal were the chips .
unbelievable to me how the phoenix area is lacking in decent mexican restaurants .
we threw away $ _num_ worth of food .
the nachos were also very cold and we only live _num_ min .
away , meat was dry and not worth the money spent .
this place started out real good but then it kind of went down hill .
this place is not good .
the owners clearly cater to the white clientele of the area .
i would n't recommend this place .
look , an authentic chinese restaurant it 's not .
vegetable fried rice was nothing to write home about .
chow mein was fine except maybe a tad too sweet .
this place has always been bad and it will never get better .
bad food , bad service .
because of that , i 'll never eat here again .
this place was nearby so i decided to check it out .
does n't mean i have to stand there and listen to it though .
but really food was hardly edible .
this goodwill is not great but not terrible .
every so often they have these sale days when everything is _num_ % off .
it 's not really worth making the trip from phoenix .
terrible service .
great patio ambiance but most limp caesar salad ever & drenched in dressing .
i had the chicken wings mild which were quite weak .
mild just did n't do it for me .
when i finally got my food it was cold and gross .
highly disappointed in this place .
awful service , awful management , and the food was not good .
if only i could give minus stars , then would it be accurate .
the service was terrible .
tables were walking out from lack of service around us .
it was an alcoholic beverage .
he probably would have ordered another round had he received it promptly .
the staff was friendly but they just were n't helping anyone .
we sat there for _num_ minutes and left after not being helped .
poor service .
my food was cold and the waitress just shrugged .
never had such a horrible experience as at this place !
we walked out and we will never return !
extremely poor management !
food was horrible .
the mussels appetizer had no flavor .
they ran out of chicken wings .
gyro pizza looked good , but was dry as a bone .
service was very slow .
waitress was full of excuses , but no action .
can not recommend .
had it been cooked properly , it certainly would have been a better pizza !
it was cold , but certainly not proper temperature .
would not go here again .
staff is overwhelmed when the place gets busy .
i guess that was supposed to make it better .
it still had the pepperoni grease dripping off it .
my husband said , `` do n't do us any favors .
we will pay for your cold , crappy food . ''
we paid $ _num_ for that awful food and slow , poor customer service .
the pizza and salad was just ok .
unfortunately the service is usually poor .
and this is what we get stuck with in fountain hills , huh ?
do n't waste your time .
what a ripoff .
that was it , no apology or offer to wash it again .
if you value your vehicle , time and money , do not go here .
lazy employees and no management that cares .
wheels were not touched .
terrible place .
bad , bad experience !
not the $ _num_ package , the $ _num_ package .
do you know i was stuck there , waiting , for _num_ minutes ?
this place had _num_ people - across _num_ lanes - all sharing cars .
i mean , what the freak ?
_num_ % the dirty car .
i am never going back to this place again .
what a waste of time and money .
i really feel sorry for the _num_ people behind me !
maybe he should have been out there drying the cars .
after this no thanks you lost a weekly customer .
not a detail job that can be paid now and done years from now .
they are extremely overpriced for the service and product they provide .
wow !
shame that they are the only show in town .
i really believe that is why they get away with it .
i called the district manager today and am waiting for a call back .
wish i would have read the reviews before wasting my time .
yes , the up selling went way beyond the norm , becoming somewhat hostile .
the exchange lasted about _num_ minutes .
bad , terrible , stay away .
do not go to this car wash !
horrible business to deal with !
the service was extremely slow .
by far the worse carwash i have ever purchased .
i had a coupon for two free toppings on any pizza delivery .
what i got was one pizza with _num_ toppings .
end of story i paid $ _num_ for a cardboard pizza .
_num_ thumbs down from this household .
so far , not impressed .
walked in , place has _num_ table full of about _num_ people .
it 's not busy , why is n't it clean ?
_num_ minutes go by , and i only ordered _num_ slices of pepperoni .
sauce is not very tasty , dough is very bland .
terrible pizza .
asked for artichoke with chicken and mushroom .
got anchovies with chicken and mushroom .
customer service had trouble speaking english , which explains the problems .
i will not eat here again .
very nice people but do n't waste your money on the pizza .
generic fast food pizza .
the chicken garlic had cardboard generic crust , with no garlic or white sauce .
bad all the way around .
stay home and order dominos you will have a better pizza .
ya ... no !
the cheese is kinda greasy and soft , probably cheaper .
i do n't feel comfortable having dr. loving anywhere near my mouth .
i 've never had a more uncomfortable experience .
this is a sub par italian restaurant .
they do try had , but the food is bland and not very exciting .
both dishes were just lacking in flavor .
i should of noticed that this place being dead on a saturday night .
i will most likely not return to this restaurant unless everything else is closed .
this sauce was not edible .
the side dish of pasta was over cooked and broken up .
the main entree was cold , as was the plate .
from a reliable source , this restaurant is for sale .
this place is n't really much to look at i 'll be honest .
the prices were fair and the service was ok too .
shame on you .
the most disgusting sushi i have ever had in my life .
$ _num_ for the worst sushi of my life .
shame on you !
she did better this time but she 's just not very friendly .
i 'm from chicago visiting family and needed a pedi .
i got the rude lady with the short hair .
i have never been treated so poorly .
she was not only rude she had no customer service skills .
they obviously do n't care about their customers .
i was not happy with the quality of the work at all .
it looks like that because your nails are too thin . ''
i have had my nails done before and they never looked that .
to make matters worst , she was one of the owners !
i did n't ask for my money back .
disappointing .
think i 'm exaggerating ?
gross food horrible parking .
playground 's always dirty , i would never let my kid play there .
that 's nasty !
slow service and the burger was over cooked and served with a stale bun .
this is not the quality i expect from mcdonald 's !
other customers were waiting _num_ minutes for their orders to be served .
seems like they could do a lot better with customer service and food prep .
the cashier was very short with me and not personable at all .
terrible .
slow waits for fresh fries they said .
she did n't even offer to order the part for me .
horrible experience with this place may of _num_ .
we received no apologies , no refund , no credit .
over priced , unnecessary procedures , never on time .
disappointed and frustrated .
this is n't it .
i figured i either had an air leak or my pump was clogged .
if not ?
and i will have taken an entire day off of work for nothing ?
still nothing ... not even a phone call .
i never had something returned so sloppy .
they were returned the same : essentially ruined .
fairly straightforward , except for the fact that mr .
why would anyone want to enter this dry cleaner at all ?
spent the better part of an hour looking , to no avail .
i will not go back for sure .
not going back .
the grooming was average at best .
he is simply not interested at all and wo n't return phone calls .
we can not recommend this company anymore .
i can never get excited about eating here .
you can count on ... ... ... your entire order arriving at once ... .
they were closing in _num_ min .
he was extremely rude .
i will not go back to this place .
suggest getting other quotes fountain hills .
worst customer service imaginable !
i have been rescheduled so many times they tried to give me free service !
they did n't even make it to my house for that appointment .
do n't understand how these guys can still be in business !
please save yourself the aggravation and find someone else .
unless you enjoy taking days off of work to have no one show up !
do not use this firm !
please do n't make the same mistake i did .
i could n't have been more wrong !
unfortunately , i was rushed and did n't have time to visit another store .
next time i will go directly to the grocery store to buy my flowers .
this store was a huge disappointment .
our orders were taken _num_ minutes later when other people also came in .
the owner & mgr do not know how to run a restaurant .
all the owner did was blame the kitchen , etc .
very very long wait .
not an eat & run place .
still seems a notch below the safeway up the road .
the produce is particularly awful .
the staff as a whole seems very unhappy .
so i did that , but i still have extreme pain .
they tell me they will call back as the dentist is in surgery .
she never calls back and does not call the pharmacy .
so now i am stuck w/ the pain all weekend .
we are extremely displeased with this dentist office !
they continued discussing how the fountain hills branch was expected to increase their profit .
i am very upset and will never go back here again .
like i said i regret not walking out .
i was extremely upset after leaving eyes on fountain hills and will never return .
even they did n't want to send me back into their office !
oh no , they absolutely do not care about you or your return business .
think of all that money you could have screwed us out of .
linda even refused to give me my exam results when i asked for them .
i 'm like , why not ?
he realized that linda was completely unreasonable .
what goes around comes around girls .
by this time we had been ready to order food for over _num_ minutes .
get the bill , she charged me $ _num_ for the sour cream .
i asked about it , she says that 's how much it costs .
wish i had n't left her a tip .
i even left over _num_ % , that 's my karma .
knew i 'd write this review immediately , and probably call the manager .
the entire experience was awful .
bad food , horrible service .
what a waste of my hard earned dollars .
seriously , sara should be canned for a variety of reasons .
too bad , we love mexican and live _num_ blocks away .
avoid .
avoid .
avoid .
chicken was bland & not seasoned .
the pico de gallo used to win awards , but now it 's bland .
did n't taste much better .
the bonus was being charged $ _num_ for extra ranch dressing .
disgusting and overpriced cheap food .
gross is an understatement .
just do n't go .
i would n't come back again .
this is awful mexican food .
i 've eaten here many times and i think the food has gotten worse .
i will not be returning again .
tortillas tasted stale .
the guacamole was just chilled avocado with cilantro , fairly bland .
my wife said her chicken salad was okay but very little shredded chicken .
if not , scottsdale it is .
this was such a terrible restaurant .
we walked in and immediately did n't know where we were supposed to sit .
the food was not very good .
we will not be going back .
this would n't pass for mexican food in the valley outside of fountain hills .
i would not suggest this place .
not bad but not the best !
most expensive cigarettes in town .
borderline rude .
no thanks .
the place was a total mess too .
smelled and dirty tables floors etc everywhere yuck !
sorry to say this place has been better in the past .
place feels a little dirty , sticky tables and seats .
wo n't come back .
been to far better streets of new york restaurants .
first off , their management needs a lesson in customer service !
does n't make sense , right ?
it really stinks because i was starting to eat here about once a week .
because of the poor service i received i am no longer visiting this location .
one star because zero is n't an option .
needless to say i wo n't be returning .
instead the response i received was `` i 'm not apologizing '' .
this fountain hills location needs some tlc , better cleaning requirements , etc .
ca n't someone take care of these ?
i 'm not a plumber , but it grossed me out .
but still _num_ or _num_ would be reasonable !
almost _num_ cents more per gallon than any other station in town .
just decided that we spent our last dollar there last week .
i hate paying to put air in my tires .
in the past gas runs $ _num_ more then anywhere in the valley .
at one point gas was $ _num_ in the valley and them $ _num_ .
in the past gas runs $ _num_ more then anywhere in the valley .
at one point gas was $ _num_ in the valley and them $ _num_ .
prices not good .
not sure what they do but they are nice but not very helpful .
convenient location but not worth the hassle .
better off going down to the circle k 's .
gas is way too expensive here .
they rip people off just cause it 's the only gas station around .
it 's fountain hills so it 's expected i guess .
only thing i go here for is donuts and beer .
gas is n't the only thing overpriced here either .
absolutely one of the worst customer service experiences i have ever had .
what company would pay for negative reviews .
she said they did n't have any other type of glass .
why oh why is the grass so long .
it 's just so difficult to hit _num_ wood or rescue off the tee .
never seen grass so long on tees before .
was not trying to help us with a problem created by your shop .
reason for the _num_ stars .
i happened to get a craving for apple pie .
poor food and poor service .
got a chicken salad and the lettuce was as brown as the chicken .
this time , not so much .
my food was ok but not as hot .
avoid this place !
i 've almost never had a good waitress at denny 's before .
but do not expect a lovely waitress to meet your needs .
every booth was empty ... ha ha .
not good !
neither welcoming nor particularly smart .
waitress brought the drinks and we asked for a couple more minutes to decide .
we tried to get her attention to no avail .
so glad this is n't our local denny 's - this was abysmal .
i then continued to the menu where the food looked very appetizing .
unfortunately they are unable to get orders right even _num_ % of the time .
this is not too bad except when you get the food togo .
the wait staff due sit down service is okay .
i used my cc to secure the room .
got my confirmation email .
got another confirmation email on november 10th .
very rude customer service !
well , no internet starting before 9am .
i called the front desk , and was told someone would call me back .
not okay .
we checked out early , heading to starbucks for a drink and wi-fi .
just not ok at all .
do not stay here place is nasty .
awful place to stay .
no customer service .
management does nothing to make people return .
rooms are dirty , leaking toilets , no shampoo and conditioner .
one of the worst stays we have ever had , anywhere .
hands down the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
teacher just ignored this type of issue or maybe they were lack of staff .
anyway thats not the main reason for our frustration with them .
it 's a whole week later and still have n't seen it .
i had a negative experience with kelly .
not exactly what you want to be the first experience with a new stylist .
close to _num_ hours for an alignment when i was told _num_ .
they didnt get it done on saturday either .
wasted _num_ hours of my time then .
worst by far .
no problem for saving you time .
car finally done then it comes back with dirt all over the door .
if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
the people that work here are lame .
do n't act act they know stuff but they do n't .
all they do is trying to sell you extended warranty .
he missed the appointment this morning .
apparently he thought it unnecessary .
i went back in and purchased a _num_ '' box mesquite .
the tree had been there for over two months prior to my purchase .
john apparently does not value customers .
within _num_ days the replacement was dead .
clear by his aggressive tone he was n't prepared to do anything .
i would n't recommend them to anyone .
in the past from verde nursery , no problems .
both dried out and died .
but i have no time for business that wo n't back what they sell .
still need some more herbs though .
they never showed up and never returned my calls .
poor way to run a business .
this business gets zero stars from me .
never been in old place but new is not worth of visiting .
i 've written some reviews before , but they 've always been positive .
that 's not the case with this one .
they came up with a lame excuse that the cabinets were n't level .
they were too lazy to tear out the work and do it right .
we 've been to fountain hills theater several times and always enjoyed ourselves .
if i could give them a negative number of `` stars '' i would .
unbelievable .
i 've never had such a horrible customer service experience in all my life .
they will never get my business again .
the short version , my house went on the market and sold within days .
but for lack of the proper tools i could have done it myself .
the work was done to my satisfaction and took about _num_ minutes .
in my opinion , it is n't .
it is n't just about money .
so fast forward now to march _num_ .
frustration .
i went home and john showed up about _num_ minutes later .
i did n't want to be rude so i listened .
this is the second negative experience i have had with the company .
horrible customer service .
i had already given them my card info .
the whole time he 's giving me attitude .
avoid at all cost .
_num_ for a used tire when you can buy a new one for _num_ ?
no warranty either .
this company was formerly called h k motors .
do not deal with these people .
they might just `` disappear '' on you too !
did i mention that it 's slow ?
slow service and way over priced .
i will not be returning .
it 's unfortunate because the location is very convenient .
the service has never been worse , very slow .
you will waste your money
however there are negatives that out way the positives .
worst service ever !
first off i paid $ _num_ for a hand wash .
did not like at all .
i 'd give them _num_ stars if i could .
i should had realized service would be bad for how slow they where .
if my car was clean , they why would i bring it .
left it really wet and now it smells .
horrible experience and high cost .
like what , i was n't going to notice that it was gone ?
i have never experienced such poor service in my life .
they did a slap happy crappy job .
unfortunately , his staff is a nightmare .
the charges minus the payments does not equal the amount due .
looks like it 's time for me to find a new dentist .
painful work , and i had never gone through anything like that before .
ugh .
personally , i have n't gone back cuz of the amount of discomfort experienced .
i had a very bad experience here about a year ago .
the staff was very unprofessional .
so i just sucked it up .
this was the worst dentist visit i ever had .
how could my last dentist have missed all that stuff ?
there was a lot of other weird stuff , too .
i dropped off my documents a month before the tax due date .
one week went by and no one contacted me .
the receptionist had no idea who was assigned to take care of my taxes .
it has been a month since and no call whatsoever .
i was referred from a friend to use monica to handle my back taxes .
at first she seemed very helpful and said she could work on my issues .
sent my tax information to them in early march .
not a word from them .
if i ever get my taxes back i will not be going back !
if i could i would not give them any stars !
they do n't even deserve that _num_ star .
horrible service , attitude , business ethics .
safe yourself a headache and go to a real verizon store .
worst service i have ever gotten !
they have truly screwed me over .
they do n't even deserve one star .
ordered the new iphone _num_ and was told about a swap out promotion .
this place is horrible !
i wish i would have known it is just a franchise store .
the quoted prices i recieved were not what was on my bill .
not to mention , at $ _num_ after tip , this was no bargain .
i will not be making a return appearance .
i 'm not too familiar with driving around tempe .
i could n't find it .
nasty customer service today .
i have been shopping here for years and have never been treated like this .
poor customer service .
thanks , but no thanks .
_num_ other customer in the store being helped by a sally 's employee .
i left my things on the counter and walked out .
horrible customer service and lack ability to manager customers .
good thing i was n't a secret shopper .
i looked at the receipt and and most of the ink was worn off .
i bought this item _num_ days ago and the receipt is nearly gone .
i do n't appreciate people like this and left .
garcia 's has typical mexican food , perhaps a bit better than macayo 's .
she just gave me a price range of $ _num_ `` on up '' .
i did n't take any chances that night .
but no !
if it was annoying for us , imagine how they felt !
and the guacamole and other sauces were mediocre .
so rude .
anyway , i will not be going here again .
( no , we 're not lazy , i swear .
second , this stuff is not fresh .
so , i asked for steak and shrimp fajitas .
rule of thumb : do not order steak from here .
well , the service was poor & the food was mediocre , at best .
first impression : the place was dead ( sunday around 6pm ) .
drinks arrived quickly and we opted to wait for our friends before ordering .
it was another ten minutes before they got theirs !
the chicken was tasty , although slightly overcooked .
the sushi was simply unacceptable .
after trying one piece of each , we sent the sushi back .
sushi is garbage .
they really do n't have that situation planned out very well !
parking was fairly easy , and only $ _num_ .
parking lot staff did nothing to stop them .
the lack of signage for that was annoying .
that would never happen in a major league park .
if you wanted to sit behind home plate , nobody will stop you .
was n't crowded when we went .
- atmosphere !
it has nothing to write home about .
worst traffic management at any stadium in america .
not family friendly .
grew up in phoenix and live _num_ min from the stadium .
ok , whatever , but that 's where it started to get annoying .
after visiting _num_ different parks now i can honestly say tempe is the worst !
he proceeded to give me attitude and act like i was a cheap skate .
i would n't have asked if they did n't mention it to me .
there is little to no interaction with the players .
this stadium is terrible .
very different from camelback ranch , people can get very close to the players .
thats just plain lazy , disrespectful , and does not pump anyone up .
to make it worse , organization is terrible there .
i really want to like this friendly place .
ca n't see a thing .
no one cares .
if you want a good sandwich you should n't come here .
first , this is my favorites sub factory location .
the original guys took _num_ mins for almost any sub .
not going back .
miss original crew .
2nd order , ingredients wrong again .
should n't have messed with a good thing .
everything is slow !
also the bread was noticeably stale .
i 'm assuming it was n't fresh .
new name same place , i got the club sandwich .
vegetables on the sandwich were sparse .
she gave me a free soda .
they all looked very lost and confused .
it went downhill from there .
the service is worse and the place is tired looking .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
both dishes were so flavorless .
very disappointed and i would never go back .
seriously and i had been wanting to try this place for a long time .
the food is still ok , but things are a bit dated .
not so .
maybe it was that _num_ years ago , but no longer .
from that point , everything went down hill .
nothing to write home about .
salad and bread = terrible .
you can get way better stuff packaged from a grocery store .
first bite was an okay mix of sauce , cheese and sausage .
after that there was nothing but cheese and noodles .
avoid unless your taste buds are stuck on _num_ .
i ca n't believe i never did a review on this place .
however , upon entering , the atmosphere is really old and dated .
i am not a huge fan of italian dressing and prefer ranch .
i believe their salad came standard with the italian dressing though .
my cannelloni was drowned a rose sauce and was nothing memorable .
it also was not that big of a portion .
it was simply ok in my book although a little run down and old .
very disappointing .
the pasta was overcooked and the sauce was not enjoyable in the least .
worst spaghetti and meatballs ever , bar none .
bad experience for a first time diner looking for a neighborhood restaurant .
a lady answered the phone and was extremely rude .
frozen seafood , small portions , so-so service and staff not knowing the menu .
i was really disappointed .
the atmosphere is dark and lost in the early _num_ 's .
i would not recommend dining here .
service aside , the food just was n't on point .
red sauces were bland , and seemed in short supply .
honestly i do n't understand how this place has been around so long .
the cocktails were nicely poured but the wine was pretty mediocre .
i just ca n't justify spending my money here because it 's so lackluster .
bread was just plain white baguette , no rosemary nor olive oil .
i think olive garden is better than this .
it was extremely bland and over-priced .
sadly , after tonight , we will not be returning .
i remind him i had ordered a dinner salad with ranch .
at this point , we just want to leave .
i guess our money is n't good enough there !
that 's fine , they will never get another penny of it !
sadly , things have been changing last few times .
maybe the owner is losing interest .
they probably thought i was dipping them ... i apologized and went back immediately .
horrible experience for my birthday .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
beware of pump number _num_ .
and this is not the first time this pump has done this .
just my luck .
worst dental lab of all time !
mine was lost = angry patient .
cases made of the wrong material , lab slip blatantly correct = angry patient .
this is really small whole foods and the prepared food is sad .
wrong !
probably because she was due to give birth in aisle _num_ within moments .
if you want to find it , try another store . ''
i 'm not coming back .
my bad .
i gave you three chances , all three have been poor .
this was my second visit to this location .
i just do n't like this location .
it is sub-par for what i 've come to expect of whole foods .
i could not believe it , so rude .
i will never step foot in that store again .
meat counter - nice presentation and nice people but an ultimately sub-par quality .
$ _num_ a pound for old , tasteless and tough dog meat .
do not buy meat here it 's not worth the money .
totally did not appreciate the attitude .
then when i got my drink it was hella bad .
totally sucks considering it was $ _num_ .
wo n't be going back .
i 've caught this _num_ times and they have had to correct it .
i would n't give this company another dime .
i felt horribly unwelcome and my shopping experience was uncomfortable to say the least .
i do n't even like to drive by that store ... .
the only problem is they are filthy .
i could not believe what i was hearing .
juice bar does not wash the produce .
this is a health hazard and extremely dangerous for the elderly and children .
in recent purchases , tried some of their iced coffee and a mocha latte .
the coffee is terrible .
its bitter and has a funky aftertaste .
terrible .
rude .
the girl behind the counter was not friendly at all .
she just kept asking anything else , anything else to rush us along .
she was just unpleasant .
while we were getting ice cream , my husband was looking for cannoli .
he could n't see the date in the bottom and asked .
apparently it was already 2-3 days old so obviously it would be soggy .
my husband was n't rude not was i or anyone in my family .
wtf whole foods ?
rude and unprofessional staff .
when i returned to place where i left my cart , there was none .
no apologies .
still , not a bad store to pop into for some light shopping .
i appreciated the offer , but her attitude was less than desirable .
whenever i get packs of whole food market waters i get _num_ % off .
even manager was confused .
we just left the store mad .
the salad bar looks so gross .
i 'm a vegetarian and there was bacon in the potato salad .
so many people do not eat pork these days .
signage would have been nice .
also my mom had chicken salad and walnuts in it .
the salad bar did not have fresh produce ugh .
just a terrible whole foods experience .
this was at 7pm folks , not close to close .
then , almost nothing in the salad bar stuff was actually good .
for example , the flavor had been cooked out of the edamame .
wo n't see ya there .
ruined the surprise for a friend !
i was not impressed with my experience there .
i am not sure why they told me that .
i will not recommend this place .
so disappointed .
she said she 'd ask and call me back .
wait for it ... nope , several days later and no call back .
me and the husband walk into the store .
you should try other stores .
me ( in my head ) - what the heck does that mean .
we walk out of the store feeling weird and disgusted .
i wish yelp allowed zero stars .
i will never forget the horrible experience i had here .
i would give this company _num_ stars if i could .
this is not stated up front .
i waited over _num_ hours to come for consultation .
they never called to say they were running late and offered no further assistance .
if i could give no stars , i would .
complete crooks and liars who take your money and not fix appliance .
he could n't even tell me what the problem was .
i attempted to tell both she and her instructor and it was no use .
i was embarrassed when she called me to tell me her day was rough .
okay i was n't sure what it was called .
so i did n't make that appointment on that day after getting snapped at .
therefore , i 'm never coming back .
instead of hair that is shoulder length it 's several inches above .
i purchased a groupon coupon , called and made an appointment .
when i showed up , they did not have me in their appointment book .
the head massage lasted about _num_ seconds .
i do n't do anything besides occasionally wash and brush my hair .
lame .
but this was n't the worst of it .
again , i should 've saved $ _num_ and done it at home .
needless to say , `` one star : methinks not . ''
my hair was long , almost close to my behind .
most of the services are decent but not spectacular .
i have however had a couple of bad cuts .
the receptionists are usually not bright enough to actually schedule an appointment correctly .
i was furious and stressed out beyond belief .
no way .
the salon is under new management and so is the school .
the school 's administration is beyond a mess .
it 's like russian roulette going in there !
i would n't take a chance on it if i were you .
i booked this appointment with no issues .
blah blah blah .
plus they have n't carried actual aveda products for quite some time .
there was nothing organic , soft , or natural about the end result .
i can afford ( and deserve ) better haircuts from experienced professionals now .
i waited almost _num_ minutes for a cold turkey sandwich !
not what i expected , considering their high price point .
needless to say , we wo n't be returning .
it 's my lunch hour !
i got the turkey sandwich and it was rather forgettable .
i mean the food is decent but they barely give you any meat .
feel like i got robbed in a way .
the sandwich is totally inedible .
waste of money .
do n't think i 'll be going back .
not wanting to waste time driving to another store , i ran into here .
the meat quality was poor ( in my opinion ) .
i wish i could give this location a big fat zero .
but i can let everyone know how horrible it is .
for starters , their automatic doors do not even work .
i just find that appalling .
the manager of this location is nothing more than a jerk .
but they were burnt , and i mean really fried .
not just the everything bagels but the entire rack behind the counter .
why is it so hard to find a good bagel and lox these days ?
i guess i will keep trying in my search .
the coffee was nothing special , dd has way better .
now , an everything bagel should have flavor ... cheddar cheese should have flavor .
no flavor .
i do n't even know how that is possible .
no idea .
i just could n't save the food .
got the breakfast bagel with sausage which was ok .
what ruined the experience for me was the customer service .
instead of saying i 'm sorry about that .
have the owners from here ever even had a bagel from back east ?
no thanks .
skip this one .
you 'd be better off going to mcdonalds .
cons : microwaved eggs , microwaved bacon .
no mayo in the kitchen .
only packets on the counter .
service and staff are horrible , i 'm not going there again .
i work , and i live less then _num_ miles from this place .
i 'm never going back .
had no problems with the staff .
also they recently changed from butter to some butter - like spread .
disappointed .
they never have plain bagels when i go .
what bagel shop never has enough plain bagels on a saturday or sunday morning ?
drives me nuts and has happened on _num_ separate occasions .
had a bacon egg and cheese on a salt bagel this morning .
it ended up being dry and flavorless .
i used to really like this place .
that said i 'll be taking my business elsewhere and you should to .
i am from back east i know .
the locals would complain and not go back .
in tempe there are zero alternatives so i deal .
the cheese and egg in my bagel were room temperature .
the sandwich was bland tasting .
recieved a stale bagel with almost no cream cheese on it and hardly toasted .
staff is clueless and rude to customers .
such a shame .
just had an incredibly unpleasant customer service interaction at this location .
her attitude caused me to leave and attempt to resolve the issue later .
he just began arguing that he was not being rude to me .
you get all this for $ _num_ .
it tastes like a $ _num_ steak .
honestly , for a cheap piece of meat it was pretty okay .
all in all , outback is n't horrible , it 's just not great .
but the `` sirloin '' is definitely not .
but he also had a sirloin , and did not like it much either .
will not go back - ever .
overpriced and just not tasty food .
with all the hype and advertising it was only natural to try outback .
it was a tuesday night , and we were seated immediately .
companion # _num_ ordered a bowl of potato soup .
no complaints were heard .
companion # _num_ ordered the cesar salad .
for main courses , companion # _num_ ordered a medium bacon cheeseburger .
seasoning was adequate but nothing special .
overall , i might rate outback _num_ to _num_ stars .
service ... not very attentive .
my husband made a comment about how he remembers outback being so much better .
i 've only ate here a handful of times .
just not for me .
i spent _num_ and i would have had more satisfaction setting it on fire .
it was horrible .
the steak was _num_ % fat and unable to stomach .
the manager walked by twice and did not bother to stop .
about half of it was not edible .
if i could leave less than one star i would .
i will not be back here .
i 've been here _num_ times and it sucks .
manager was standing around .
there were _num_ servers and a bartender working that i noticed .
sure people could 've been cut .
i remained in such just because it 's not the end of the world .
it 's just poor customer service .
we were beyond disappointed .
the hostess was pleasant but unfortunately our server was horrendous !
are you kidding me ?
i also ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms ... inedible .
just mush with no `` rooms . ''
so i 'm starving , i 'm out thirty bucks and i hate myself .
what a mistake !
my steak was cold , and over done .
the only warm item on my plate was the baked potato .
filthy , poorly trained employees .
extremely disappointed .
but over the years , it 's lost the appeal .
weekends are a nightmare here .
i could n't find food here .
( maybe it was because they could n't find any good food ... ? )
i would not recommend this mall to anyone , unless absolutely necessary .
oh , and the parking is atrocious .
arizona mills has the worst bathrooms i have ever been in .
they wont leave you alone .
it 's just annoying and always makes my shopping experience uncomfortable .
hence my visits to arizona mills .
the crowds , the stores ... ... ick .
but i did find a diamond in the rough .
fifty percent off a piece of crap is still too pricey .
that tells me that they are not cleaned very often , if at all .
if i can wait then i will not use the restrooms here .
i avoid those people as best i can .
ugh .
i suggest going anywhere else other than here , if you possibly can !
the concept was nice but this place really did n't live up to expectations .
tempe thinks it won by getting az mills .
why the hell did they put imax here ?
there are absolutely no mills here , that is false advertising .
that last sentence was not an exaggeration .
oh , how the mighty have fallen .
slowly but surely this mall has taken a nose dive .
sad to say ... but you 've lost your edge az mills .
stores selling quality merchandise can not survive here .
out of town guests do not visit this mall .
try chandler , or scottsdale fashion square instead .
really crowded on the weekends .
doubt i will be frequenting this place .
this is not the place to go if you are in a rush .
if you want to be in and out , do not got in .
if you want to walk fast , it 's impossible .
also this mall is crazy dirty !
the food court sucks and there are only about _num_ descent stores here .
knock off merchandise vendors inside do n't help this place either .
i would not recommend this mall unless you have to go there .
it 's the people there that scare me .
oh , and the forever _num_ in this place is absurd .
it 's almost too much to handle .
i wo n't go back .
every time i go to this mall i experience the same things .
the only good thing about this mall is the variety of stores it has .
it 's a bit rough here to say the least !
like any mills outlet , it 's cheap and ghetto .
there are many new shops and not many i would really want to visit .
i would not recommend it .
this mall is horrible .
sorry i will stick to my kierland and biltmore !
ca n't drink out there until _num_ or , something .
this facility has really gone down hill .
will not bother going there again .
the crowds and clientele just kill this place for me .
it 's very uncomfortable for me to walk through this mall .
i 'm really not an outlet shopper though .
i was n't wearing the cutest clothes and i looked not that great .
as well not come near me , because they walked by me very close .
i think other women maybe scared , but i was really mad .
that 's not cool at all .
went the the aquarium with my daughter and dinner at rainforest cafe .
we just walked outside to find a cab .
two of them had their shirts off .
how disgusting !
( who does n't like a good discount ?
anyway , the stores are okay because the prices are decent .
the quality is not worth the price you pay in food .
the choices here suck .
then , we had a hard time finding mid sized dresses .
we will never return , i highly do not recommend this store .
nice dresses but terrible customer service .
mind you she had no trouble doing this for multiple other customers .
they also do n't honor their own discounts .
mmmm , prom is in a few minutes .
lame !
i had to wait _num_ min .
terrible customer service !
really disappointed foot locker .
i do n't even know how the manger mike got a job .
not my type of etiquette .
the doctor does not introduce himself before he sticks his fingers in your mouth .
finally , the doctors teeth are kind of busted .
ordered from papa johns when staying in phoenix .
no cheese cups and the pizza was burnt .
very disappointing .
the driver clearly took more orders before getting our fixed pizza out .
not acceptable .
pizza was cold and pretty much waist of money .
greasy , too salty , and downright mediocre at best .
go elsewhere if you want a good meal .
boyfriend got a breakfast burrito , i got a shredded beef burrito .
went here with a friend for lunch today .
first off , there was no ac .
no ac in the middle of the summer ?
i ordered the california burrito and it was very bland and not very tasty .
she walked me to my car and remembered , so she went back in .
they had already thrown it away and refused to give her another cup .
i will never come back to this dump again .
i 've never been disappointed with the food or service there .
i had a terrible experience at this place .
i ordered two crunchy ground beef tacos and a grilled chicken quesadilla .
a complete waste of money .
the quesadilla was n't much better .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the ingredients were n't fresh and the food was n't cooked properly .
sunday afternoon , around _num_ pm .
the lady behind the counter asked what kind of burrito i wanted .
she walked the slip to the cook and described the burrito .
the menu says $ _num_ for a 1/2 pint !
watch these guys , they 're trying to rip people off !
had chicken and steak tacos .
its decent but i was sorely disappointed .
it makes me sad .
bad food , worse service .
they just lost a regular customer .
ugh .
my burro was mediocre at best -- absolutely no depth of flavor .
it smelled like there was a natural gas leak in the men 's room .
grossed my ass out .
sorry , not drunk .
the guys behind the counter have no personality at all .
it 's not even a language thing .
they just waited there with a blank look on their face until we ordered .
the restroom is disgusting .
it smells of piss and mold .
no wonder the place was empty on a sunday afternoon .
well i paid $ _num_ for small _num_ '' round cake .
the cake was sooooo bland !
obviously , this one customer ( me ) , is not worth the hassle .
fair warning to all - do not order the cannoli cake !
i have been calling around to various bakeries around the valley about wedding cakes .
some of the most awful customer service i have ever received .
they only use italian butter cream , that tastes like cool whip .
what a load of crap !
very rude people !
mediocre cake at _num_ star prices .
do n't waste your time .
sorry '' very dissatisfied and disappointed .
the when our daughters second birthday came around we thought why not go here .
absolute worst experience we had at a bakery .
i would n't recommend honeymoon sweets to anyone .
rude !
actually you do n't .
i am so disappointing in their service and quality .
this bakery was sooo disappointing !
the staff at the venue just threw the cupcakes on the provided stand .
there was absolutely no decoration on the cupcakes !
again , i felt so bad for the bride on her special day !
needless to say , i was highly disappointed with the experience .
frosting had very little taste to it .
disgusting .
ya i want smoke smell on my organic food .
i am huge fan of cheap taco shops and will try just about any .
they also charge for chips and salsa .
lame .
this is that place next to the rei off of southern avenue .
this was the worst carne asada burrito i 've had ever !
they even messed up a veggie burrito .
also , their guac was all dark like it was left out .
i really ca n't explain how much of a fail this place is .
the only saving grace was the taco was only $ _num_ .
i had the fish tacos and they were edible only because i was starving .
poor excuse for salsa bar .
the shredded beef tacos were not that good .
the beef itself was like one long piece of beef .
it was like the yarn ball of shredded beef inside my taco .
no salsa verde or any red sauce at all .
staff was surly and made me feel like i bothered them to eat there .
we do n't get cafeteria food of this caliber where i 'm from .
one tip for the owners : is the gigantic tv really necessary ?
also , get better coffee .
and it was definitely not worth the $ _num_ .
the meat was dry and the refried beans were soupy .
hubby ate even less of his .
worst worst worst mex in all the valley .
greasy , slow , expensive , unfriendly , and bland .
no salsa bar to speak of .
im not one that turns to yelp once i 've experienced sub par service .
cashier was very mildly polite , not too much well known english .
( _num_ sets on _num_ rolled tacos . )
the chicken in the enchiladas was dried and old .
pretty average for your hole in the wall mexican joint .
prices are cheap and the food is `` meh '' .
the service is average too , nothing really special about it .
would n't be my first or second recommendation for mexican food .
we walked in ready to order our lunch .
the cashier was snotty when questions were asked and not very helpful .
and trust me , they are n't always good .
ok the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
i 've had food truck food better than this .
the chicken was awful and looked strange .
the prices were unbelievable .
way too expensive especially for the quality .
there are way too many soccer posters .
anyway i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
they obviously do n't try to improve the quality of food .
i ordered an asada arizona burrito and a quesadilla .
bummer with a _num_ year old .
would not recommend staying here more than just one night .
my wife and i stayed here for _num_ weeks and were not impressed .
the room was very dirty .
the power was out for a few hours .
says its a _num_ star property , but is closer to a _num_ star .
we told them about it but no one ever came up to fix it .
we stayed _num_ nights , our room was cleaned once .
was pretty disappointed in this place .
for the price we paid , i would have liked better service .
this was after _num_ days , and no housekeeping visits thus far .
meaning , anyone could have entered the room with a key .
however when i entered my room there was weird a smell .
i inspected the room and realized my room was half cleaned !
the bathroom was old , small and out of date .
the mini refrigerator had a very fishy smell .
there was loud talking outside my window during the night .
overall i was not happy .
i would not stay at this hotel again .
very disappointing .
on the counter but no coffee maker .
altogether a pretty unpleasant experience , would not return .
this was a complete disaster .
the hotel has been sold , and they no longer care .
we will not be staying at this hotel again .
it is like an attractive person with an ugly personality .
i have a very demanding job , and the mornings are tough .
it is quite tricky to get off to a decent start without water .
management is awful !
they are so extremely disorganized and blame everything on everyone else in the office .
they are extremely unprofessional and do not care about residents at all .
the decor inside is so outdated it 's not even funny .
worst complex ever .
they are completely disorganized , rude and incompetent .
they require _num_ days notice .
i gave _num_ days notice .
monica continued to try and charge me even after i moved out .
she did n't remove the fee until i threatened my lawyer .
i still have not received my deposit back .
overall , i would save yourself and not live here .
they are rude and do not care at all .
the worst apartment you can ever rent in .
the washer and dryer smells horrible and they refused to replace them .
they constantly lie and make up excuses for everything .
horrible people .
do not rent here .
also the rent if very high for what you are getting .
i 'm just not that impressed .
the menu is n't that great .
even she was n't impressed .
it did n't do anything for her .
plus their margaritas are weak .
how awful is a restaurant when it just keeps getting worse ?
i am not your bro .
they managed and served the most mediocre crab cake i have ever had .
unfortunately , this place is nothing special , mediocre at best .
i returned today and everything was horrible .
i told this to the bar tender but he did n't care .
she forgot my drink because she `` did n't write it down . ''
i ordered the steak and shrimp a _num_ dollar meal .
after a total of _num_ hour walking into the restaurant i get my meal .
the steak was dry and tasteless .
this was not the case .
you 'll be better off going to the claim jumper next door .
hubby 's fries were inedible , as if they had been triple fried .
my onion rings were thin and mostly crispy .
it was pretty pricey at over $ _num_ for lunch .
thinking about it is giving me a headache .
is n't this a seafood restaurant ?
the manager then offered to cook me `` another bag of clam chowder '' .
the service was n't too great either .
i 'd probably steer clear of this restaurant , at least for this location .
the crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre .
so disappointed !
even the butter was tasteless .
just awful !
... and the karaoke sucked as well .
shame .
and waiting an unreasonable amount of time for the food does n't help .
they 're definitely a hazard to walk on even if they do n't break .
took _num_ minutes for hush puppies and _num_ minutes for food .
... no silverware also .
worst restaurant experience i have ever had .
the waitress was absolutely terrible .
definitely go somewhere else to waste money on crappy service and food .
they no longer had some of the menu items they used to .
anyways , it 's the normal looking joe 's with merchandise to buy .
nothing to write home about .
this was probably the most disappointing chowder .
not good .
not a lot of taste .
at the middle of my meal , everything was cold .
not a real fan .
the sausage seemed like it had a hard skin and was n't very tasty .
my wife had the spaghetti lobster .
so she did n't eat it .
was n't at all impressed .
plus he gave use a few coupons for free appetizers .
not impressed at all .
disappointed .
the lobster was small and over cooked .
did n't finish it either .
service could n't be more disorganized .
then i get table and nearly _num_ min later no food still .
manager looks lost .
bar tried to charge me for things i did n't order .
tables are sitting empty and unclean with people waiting in line to sit .
no direction .
my first time , was horrible .
it was a tuesday and really slow .
i cancelled my beer and figured id just order it from the bartender .
find out my outside server is actually the bartender !
management looked confused and did nothing to help besides offering to comp our food .
i do n't want free food , i just want food .
it was a saturday night and i ordered king crab legs and a sangria .
what i did n't expect was that the food was beyond bad .
i stomach turned right after i finished my last bite .
usually this is a sign the food is pretty bad .
minor problems , i figured .
bartender and staff were very friendly .
maybe the other customers learned their lesson already ?
the clam strips where nothing more that a batch of fried batter .
when it arrived it was luke warm and no melted butter .
there is little to no quality control .
hot link : unable to cut with the knife provided .
stick to the dirty window , do not enter practice .
service has been a wee bit slow .
dirty table , bathroom , silverware and plates .
the appetizers came out cold and sloppy .
the potatoes were undercooked .
not a fan .
never great service , however tonight we were seated right away .
( a very slow night .
almost empty ) we waited _num_ mins .
and no one ever showed up to get our drinks .
we handed out menus back .
but clearly did n't care .
this is poorly managed and probably why it was slow on a saturday night .
a bit ignored tonight .
just not a great or big plate of food for the price .
on my latest visit i ordered a dish of crab stuffed shrimp .
sadly , it was so bland !
the food was n't great and we waited too long .
lobster was a little overcooked .
our appetizer came late so they gave it to us for free .
bad experience .
i have given the place _num_ tries and finally gave up .
tough lobster nice talkative waiter .
why does she not know the menu .
management doesnt care .
servers do n't care .
food bad .
never going back .
not impressed .
not paying $ _num_ .
fried fish , crab cakes , _num_ stuffed shrimp , fries , onion strings .
the shrimp were shrimp , and what chef puts fries and onion strings together .
my domestic draft was $ _num_ .
after that , it was a complete disaster .
additionally , the time commitment began to get ridiculous .
he did eventually remove the meal from my bill .
the food was n't fresh at all .
slim to no seasoning at all .
when we brought it to there attention they brought out more crab same thing .
waste of money .
no bang for your buck here .
not to mention manger did n't even come to table .
i suggest angry crab or albertsons and make your own .
very disappointed .
my roommate and i had been ordering from this place for over a year .
are you kidding me ?
at this point , i 'd go to panda express before pong pong .
no business name , nothing .
delivery time was accurate ... so that i ca n't complain about .
i 'm not impressed with this place and will never order again .
if i could give no stars i would .
too bad !
probably the worst chinese restaurant i 've ever been to .
the food did n't even taste like chinese food .
anyway , i 've noticed that the flavor of the food has changed too .
it seems to me that the quality has declined .
i also noticed that the place is really looking run down .
the ceiling is filthy , and water spots like where the roof has leaked .
the stuff that they have hanging on the wall for decoration is run down .
just a sad day .
the driver was polite and friendly .
the crab puffs were ok .
spring rolls - much like the crab puffs , crispy , but otherwise unremarkable .
the pot stickers were terrible .
doughy with barely any filling .
the rice in this case was mushy .
the other meats in the meal were shredded and barely noticeable .
the other three entrees were ok with the worse part being the rice .
the amount of food was disappointing as well .
not horrible , but i would n't go again .
they refused to let me switch out fried rice for chow mein .
the flavor was bland for everything too .
the restaurant itself was really run down .
tasted a little off too .
had egg foo young and that was dripping with oil .
the whole thing was a mess .
i could not take another bite after finding that .
yep it was not good .
hot meal , flavor and smell is ok , but the chicken is nasty .
lots of hard rubbery bits and looks like it 's been microwaved or reheated .
worst chinese food i 've ever had .
the soup was the only item that arrived hot .
i threw all the food out and will never return .
do n't waste your time and money .
not worth it .
lastly , the pork chow mein .
hardly any veggies , no egg or meat , inconsistent color throughout the rice .
this place seems to not care about the quality of the food or services .
about six months ago , i ordered the mongolian beef .
it was literally too sweet to eat much of it .
( it 's not supposed to have that much though . )
their orange chicken was a _num_ out of ten my sister says .
i would n't buy from here for a couple of reasons _num_ .
the delivery guy kept trying to look into my house .
he was just looking over my head and trying to look inside .
the whole time i was trying to get my order and what not .
same for my drinks , a few had spilled over into the bags .
it was a mess .
i 'm sorry i ever gave that guy a tip .
the food sucked .
the crab puff had cream cheese in just one corner .
horrible parking .
no drive-thru window , only drive-thru atm .
i think i 'll skip this branch from now on .
the line is always out the door and moving extremely slow .
the parking is also awful .
but it was bad .
i 'm really displeased and regret getting it cut .
she looks so awkward .
shelly offers really poor customer service .
she was completely rude .
tried getting compensation for my dogs terrible haircut .
overall rather unhappy with the experience .
this gym is a hot mess .
the facility itself is not up to health codes .
poor management .
not one time did someone ever return messages .
the waiting areas smell , dark , and the seats are dirty and gross .
my chicken however was too chewy .
do n't get me wrong , its still decent .
i went here several times before finally putting my foot down .
it was so bad that i threw most of it away .
not great al all .
i wish i could get my $ _num_ back .
worst chinese i 've ever had .
place is disgusting too .
it was okay but not worth the _num_ $ total .
not impressed .
even knowing what i was going in for , i was n't impressed .
but it does n't , so i wo n't .
not at all close to any authentic japanese .
it tasted like the meat and sauce were pre made and then microwaved .
not worth the money $ $ .
wrong .
also , the diet pepsi here tastes really awful .
do n't even bother !
disgusting lunch and a waste of my hard earned $ _num_ !
freezer burnt and tasted of old fryer grease !
the entire place was dated , and overall a massive disappointment .
ugh ... i 'm gon na go throw up my lunch now !
big mistake .
i am actually angry at myself for going here and giving them $ $ .
terrible .
disappointing .
frustrating .
what a waste of time , effort and money .
do n't the owners care ?
honestly , i started getting offended .
here is why i am pissed about the entire thing .
sadly , i will not be returning .
no stars !
i took my _num_ honda civic to just brakes on broadway in tempe .
the cheap pads just brakes installed are junk and do n't last .
do n't cheap out .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
they say , i ca n't believe she 's been driving like this !
oh and go figure , i do know what i 'm talking about .
they said there was nothing wrong with anything except the car needed new brakes !
shady and try to rip you off !
worst service i 've ever had at a car shop .
i will never go back to just brakes in tempe .
i got a free brake inspection and a courteous opinion to solve my problem .
i went to get new brakes before i left for vacation .
i will not recommend just brakes to anyone looking for any type of service .
long story short do not go here !
mind you this is past _num_ at night and the customer is waiting inside .
by _num_ , i left .
in these busy times , not cool .
i pick up my car and that was that .
and the employees did not even have the integrity to say anything to me .
the whole idea of applebee 's really bothers me .
well , i feel the same way about that restaurant too .
i just spent $ _num_ for a barely mediocre soup and salad .
as the food was nothing special , i had lots of time to think .
it 's close to the university , but not right on campus .
no idea of the sodium content of that chicken salad .
i miss it .
, and chicken wraps ( chris said they were ok ) .
our service was worse than the food .
our bill came to $ _num_ , but it was hardly worth it .
so corporate , cheesy , and generic .
and it 's not even cheap !
it 's an american chain restaurant .
no ketchup in bottle at my table .
my fries was cold , hamburger was average .
there was no ketchup in the bottle at all at the table .
so now whoever sits at the other table gets empty bottle .
waste of money and reminded me why i do n't like applebee 's .
the service however is terrible .
not a fan of this location .
the bartender was very rude .
the server was n't really sure what was on happy hour .
they did not even make a brand new one .
the place had a smell like an old stale theatre .
the food was blah so i had to salt everything .
prices were not bad .
waitress was not very attentive .
our meal finally came , by the manager himself , not our actual server .
will never come back there and would never recommend .
if i wanted ihop service , i would have just gone to ihop .
my three cheese chicken pasta had lettuce in it .
i 'm not allergic to lettuce or anything but i do n't like it .
there were about _num_ pieces .
this is when the evening took a turn for the worse .
that was a direct quote .
that makes absolutely no sense .
with a new plate of food , the issue would have been resolved .
the manager coming over to blame us for the hair , was not ok .
worst bartender ever !
the bartender mike ignored me for over _num_ minutes !
in addition , the entire bar smelled like raw sewage ... never again !
applebee 's is so gross .
i really do n't understand why anyone would choose to eat at this chain .
i did n't even bother complaining because i expected it .
at times the food is served cold and the service is slow .
he continued serving drinks to customers using the same ice .
for our whole meal we paid $ _num_ and waited over _num_ hour .
the service is bad and the food is worse .
service was great but the food was awful .
it was bland and stale for one dish and too spicy for the other .
the food is below average at best .
also , the booth was sat in was disgusting .
i totally have no idea about why there is no waiters in this restaurant .
horrible service !
on a side note if you like cold chicken wings your in luck .
wings were borderline warm .
worst service ever !
my sister stayed here about _num_ hours for soup and salad .
the service here is terrible .
then it took another _num_ minutes to get our food .
almost like they were sitting under a heat lamp .
that request took another _num_ minutes .
our server asked the manager twice to adjust our ticket and she ignored it .
we all went in for a meal and were seated instantly near the bar .
our server in particular was fine , no problems at all .
all our food was cold .
this applebee 's sucks complete dick .
it tasted like a fucking sprite .
the food is super salty and there is almost no flavor to it .
last time we went , there was no hostess .
the only saving grace of this place is the wait staff .
our waiter made out night fun but everything else was pretty mediocre at best .
i finished my water before our food got there and never received a refill .
i ordered boneless wings and when they came they were horrible .
they were just cut up chicken and were not even breaded completely .
since i never got a refill i ate my meal without water .
how ridiculous is that ?
our server was totally avoiding us .
worst service ever .
if i could give no stars i would .
do n't go here after 9pm .
the worst .
this place is a perfect storm of a terrible wait staff and terrible food .
the az mills ross is no exception .
customers also ca n't do returns on the back registers .
also , this ross just seems to be more cramped than others .
possibly because it 's a mall store or maybe it 's just situated poorly .
worst ross i 've ever been to .
a total mess !
i could hardly find anything .
no customer service .
except the fitting room ladies seemed annoyed to be there .
today 's lunch was a terrible affair .
what we 'd hoped would mean quick service was anything but .
furthermore the burger was cold -- and not just from the lettuce .
i was hungry and waited too long to bother sending it back .
overall i 'm extremely disappointed by this location .
not even quite okay but just blah .
this one was only two small burgers with a mountain of fries to compensate .
there was only meat and cheese on them .
also my wife ordered a chocolate malt .
it tasted more like a chocolate sunday instead of a malt .
not bad , just old-fashioned .
my daughter commented that the lettuce tasted almost frozen .
worst part : the awful chicken strips .
negative _num_ stars on the gross chicken strips .
not worth it at all .
the service is s l o w !
i could n't believe how this guy drug his feet .
however , here 's where the problem comes in .
as if to say , '' you 're not my table '' .
anywho , my patty melt was ok .
needless to say i wo n't be back .
that 's where i 'll spend my hard earned money .
not at _num_ & diner .
avoid at all costs !
i was not overly impressed .
service was incredibly slow .
i would have been terribly upset without it .
no apologies for lack of service .
wo n't be eating here again .
they automatically added _num_ % tip for party of _num_ , definitely not earned .
i normally tip minimum _num_ % , not here .
i got $ _num_ groupon for $ _num_ .
not to mention the food is over priced for the quality as well !
the waitresses there are very rude .
my scrambled eggs were overdone and lukewarm .
this place does not know how to do scrambled eggs .
she seemed very rushed , distracted , and not terribly friendly .
it simply does n't impress me with its service or its food .
garbage !
this place was not `` classic _num_ 's style '' at all !
do n't waste your time or your money .
the greeter had no idea what he was doing .
_num_ minutes later we got some service but that was questionable as well .
wrong .
and this after making me wait to talk to a rep .
the insurance is a total rip off .
this sprint store had horrible customer service .
like i said : horrible customer service .
i have been having connection issues in tempe for _num_ weeks .
brittany needs to be fired .
this store ripped me off .
avoid this store unless you want to be ripped off .
i only waited about _num_ minutes .
( though i did have an appointment ) .
however their store hours are wrong .
not true , they open at _num_ .
i called customer service at least _num_ times .
and then `` oh no it 's not .
both times i 've left after _num_ to _num_ minutes .
avoid the store like the plague if you had any value on your time .
i walked into this store to have my phone checked .
do n't waste your time walking into this store .
if only i could give a negative rating !
sprint , you have some shady business practices .
i 've been a customer for many years now .
after doing some research i 've found numerous complaints about the same issue .
lie number two being that my bill would be $ _num_ .
do n't go see him for anything .
they want your money for their bonus more than your loyalty .
once again another terrible experience at this sprint store .
my phone was still having the same problem so i came back today .
i 'm not understanding what the problem is .
every time i come to this store i seem to have a bad experience .
stay away and find another sprint repair location .
complete lack of customer service .
i will not be coming back for anything .
please consider any other company to finance a new home .
i asked either of them to call me but , neither did .
that 's why i accepted the offer instead of others i had .
this was approximately four weeks after we were to close .
i ca n't really say i am surprised by my disappointment with this store .
what poor customer service !
i will not return to this location again .
_num_ weeks ago , my aunt lost her cat of _num_ years .
very disappointed with the cake my friend got from here .
oh , and it 's super expensive .
limited selection of stuff to by across the board .
crazy long lines , walked out as soon as i walked in .
put your money down and they stuff you .
spring rolls , crab rangoon , maybe some rice to go with .
this place can go to hell !
i should have walked a bit further some more bad mall food .
actually , i take that back , denny 's is probably better .
bad idea .
the waiter was n't even friendly to begin with .
we thought he was joking , he was n't .
he did n't even take back the food he had brought out .
so ten minutes pass and all he brings back is ranch dressing .
i am very disappointed in this place .
but everything else was n't .
service sucked and was incredibly slow .
we sat for _num_ minutes at the bar before we were even acknowledged .
there is usually ample seating , so getting a table never takes long .
so i 'm dropping them down to _num_ stars .
horrible experience !
service was horrible .
order was wrong .
would not recommend this place save your money .
the only redeeming quality to this visit was the waiter .
as it was , we wo n't come back .
not cool !
i want the food cooked correctly .
and have never had a bad experience like i had here , .
way wrong !
i ca n't stress how disappointed i was with this location .
at this point , i 'm irritated and upset .
false .
she still has n't come by to see how i meal was .
i just would n't have walked out .
my order was scheduled for delivery on may _num_ , but was not delivered .
i will not patronize this shop again !
i spoke with randy who was again extremely rude !
he claimed he tried to call me back but my line was busy .
he insisted that he would check with plaza flowers and call me back .
horrible service .
called to complain then english was a problem .
avoid like a plague .
i explained my voicemail , he just said ok .
i asked if he needed my info / name , he said no .
do n't use them if you want on time delivery or actual customer service .
the manager at this store is really rude and not friendly .
and she spoke to my mom and i like like we 're stupid .
i would not recommend this store to anyone .
go spend your money elsewhere , where you 'll get some decent customer service .
( they had already come twice before and the problem was still not fixed .
i could n't believe my ears .
but i got no response from him .
took this firm four tries to fix my air conditioner last july .
would recommend avoiding this firm at all costs .
be very careful of using this firm .
i am advised that the replacement will be very expensive .
awful awful service !
not from the actual technician but the representative who fields the calls .
their diagnosis was was that i needed maintenance on the unit .
after my initial shock , i told them i was n't interested .
we had them come out in september b/c our a/c was n't working .
very disappointed with my service here .
they offered to pay my cab fare , but not the room ... ridiculous .
disgusting .
the front desk says it is probably someone smoking outside .
its so bad , i turned my ac off .
wi-fi is slow .
later that week , our room smelled really strongly of cigarette smoke .
i immediately went back to the counter .
so i 'm off to building _num_ .
at least this would n't stain my clothes .
to the smelly guests : how rude .
it is the worst hair cut i have ever had .
i have four more weeks of haircut hell to live through .
they just wan na get rid of you and charge you .
i would give zero if i could .
i wo n't be back .
i do n't feel they were quite up front with me on some things .
i walked out without making a purchase .
warning : they do n't accept returns and everything is overpriced .
you are better off ordering your supplies online .
do n't go here unless it is an absolute emergency .
i walked in there were two clerk 's standing there talking to each other .
the assistant manager was standing in the corner .
this place is hit or mess depending on who serves you .
have had a hard time getting referrals for this procedure .
when i arrived , i was not given any warm welcome .
the receptionist asked me what shorts i wanted , large or extra large .
i would n't say his office is friendly .
my manicure was horrible .
i will not be going here again for sure .
the worst place in life - very unprofessional !
she consistently asked me to get gel nail polish over acrylic .
crappy place as i sit here now .
did n't cover tips of nails with polish .
going elsewhere to get pedicure unless i wan na wait again .
not worth the price .
i just waste a fortune for nothing over here .
the woman who was working with me began by giving me ice cold water .
now all of my fingers are cut up , and painful .
like she gave me hang nails and cut me .
the manicure itself was below average .
i 've never even written a bad review , but this place deserves it .
and the worst part ?
that was $ _num_ to get a crappy manicure and cut up fingers .
horrible experience .
my biggest mistake was ignoring them .
it was not all bad of an experience .
fast food , but no taco bell , this is more authentic .
food is not bad , and relatively cheap .
this filiberto 's was not as yummy as other ones .
do n't want to go back to this location again .
i would gladly go to other locations though .
the guac is n't good .
someone tried to pass this place off as a restaurant .
the parking lot here has had zero maintenance performed on it .
that guy looks really pissed off .
ask them to put more in , the cook will just stare at you .
no chip refill .
there is a plastic fork laying in one of the salsa containers .
the walls here looked like there was wallpaper ripped off and never replaced .
well ... i really do n't know how to finish this sentence .
there are no filibertos in northern california .
but i did not listen .
not everyone has the same taste so i gave it go .
there was only one good thing about the burrito , the tortilla was fresh .
`` best mexican food in arizona , california , new mexico '' ?
if so , i am so sorry .
the food came out relatively quickly and the portions were quite generous .
honestly ... how can you mess up rice and beans ?
i stopped going here the second time i got an incorrectly rolled burrito .
the name of the place is filibertos and the entire staff is mexican !
my fiance and i just left there .
and so then , we threw that crap in the trash can .
every single thing in the restaurant was worn out and dirty .
what a waste of a meal !
will try not to eat here unless i am drunk .
on two occasions the beans and rice were disgusting .
this one is the worst filiberto 's i 've been to .
i think my wife and i got sick from the food at this one .
wan na add rice or beans ?
place is just nasty dirty !
ugh .
then i called back several times and nobody answered .
the tortilla was overcooked as well as everything else inside .
the meat was horrible and very low quality .
be sure to avoid this location at all costs .
have you ever had to wait _num_ minutes in the drive through ?
neither had i until i went to this hell hole .
worst place to stop and eat in the morning .
_num_ cars in the drive way and it 's taking _num_ mins .
this is not the first time .
seems only one person works at this time .
i waited in the drive thru for no less than _num_ minutes .
too slow !
not going back .
which is crazy that it is n't warmer considered how long the wait is .
chicken quesadilla and an arizona burrito took _num_ minutes .
_num_ minutes !
it tasted more like plain ground beef .
the potatoes were n't fully cooked .
i will never go back to this location , absolutely horrible .
i 'm not a huge fan .
the inside is very old , not dirty just run down .
the staff is n't overly friendly inside .
_num_ stars please .
this place is the worse .
it usually comes with it , but not enough for me .
simple , the idiots there that work do n't give a damn .
plus the drive-thru is hella slow .
no stars .
went back and asked for guac because they forgot it and they refused .
tried to charge me $ _num_ .
rip off .
horrible !
def not my next choice .
very disappointed !
it was pretty much nothing more than over salted meat .
probably one of the worse filibertos in the area !
_num_ mins and still waiting for one order .
i feel like that 's illegal and is not a drive through .
they always make me sick yet other places do n't .
one , the staff is less than friendly these days .
dirty dirty dirty .
my friend literally lost his appetite and threw his food out .
poor excuse for mexican food my first and last time !
big mistake !
maybe i 'll have better luck trying one of their combos next time .
never coming back .
that carne asada was fire going in and out .
probably wont be back .
even for a crappy mexican place .
bacon , egg , cheese , tortilla .
avoid this place .
yelp makes you select a star but zero stars !
i would n't recommend any kind of service from this location it is horrible .
no customer should be treated like this .
this is literally the worst filibertos ever .
i 'm legit never eating here again .
one of the worst burritos i 've ever had in my life .
i ordered the taco burrito combo with sour cream on both .
we will not be back !
the orders we had were wrong .
horribly incompetent and mean .
avoid at all costs .
disappointing but i did eat them .
most likely wo n't be back .
this is why the store gets _num_ stars instead of _num_ .
step up the drive thru customer service burger king !
cold food .
do n't waste your time or money .
horrible food .
my bun was hard and the onion rings tasted like old grease .
not even slightly warm .
fail .
but how do you get fries wrong ?
: ( disappointed .
this place gets worse and worse every time i come .
avoid this location if you can .
i wish i could give this place a zero .
it 's not hard to get things right that are that simple .
i do n't get it .
little did i realize how wrong everyone was .
there are maybe _num_ tables in the whole bar .
after today , however , i 'm never going back .
( for the record , i have an az license with an il address .
( the drinks are even a little cheaper ) .
way to lose business and piss off some locals .
just called to see what food they still cooked late night .
not thinking i need to come back .
will not be returning to this establishment !
the outside seating is present , but totally taken up by smokers .
non smokers wo n't enjoy their drink outside anywhere .
it was just rude and really not called for .
i also got a scone which was really dry .
overall , i wish the customer service was better .
yelp says _num_ stars means `` meh .
well , i want to explain why i 've had better .
quickly , it became even longer , with 4-5 people waiting behind me .
only one lady at the counter was taking orders .
no open indoor seating .
waste of space .
( our book club needed _num_ seats ! )
*the smoking outside is unbearable .
i had to nurse it for fear of a sugar brain freeze .
college , i mean .
but , i ca n't .
yeah , i think i would keep on driving .
( _num_ 1/2 stars ) .
i want it plain , strong , and hot .
refused -- this was his baby , his dream , his family .
second failure !
too much freaking milk , and not enough java .
is n't it summer break ?
honestly , it 's only because they 've got the only game in town .
plus , all the extra people also slow the wifi to a crawl .
it 's the only place open after _num_ .
it 's just not that good .
just stay away from the iced coffee .
you should n't leave your stuff alone ... blah blah .
it 's a shame the rice brothers no longer perform here .
*the internet connection here is aweful .
slow does n't even begin to describe it .
eh , yea , no not my idea of what i had in mind .
this coffee is awful .
but they do not focus at all on the quality of their product .
its evident the owner is buying the cheapest beans available .
but they wont miss me .
but if the customers cared about good coffee , they would not go here .
to me it 's just dirty and the display shelves are not very welcoming .
smokers ruin the atmosphere .
there 's no place outside for non smokers to sit .
worse , the smokers sit right at the front door .
you ca n't even get inside without being covered in their stench .
now , nearly a decade later , i am unimpressed .
she then ignored me again .
she got my order wrong .
i feel like i 'm at the world 's most annoying daycare center .
but holy crap , who are they hiring ?
this one has mediocre coffee and a very slow internet connection .
the outside reeks of cigarette smoke .
do n't attempt any work by phone though , the area is too noisy .
i 'm sorry .
just does nothing for me .
it was about $ _num_ for a small and just was n't very tasty .
the hummus was flavorless and the tortilla on the wrap a bit soggy .
i like to layout but its always crowded and hard to find a table .
worst customer service ever .
the second employee walked away and the first continued chatting .
i wish i was kidding , but this seriously happened in this establishment .
basically , do n't honor this establishment with your business .
use your consumer power elsewhere .
i wo n't be back .
this place is hit or miss .
every other time i 've ever been here i get the grumpy barista .
this coffee shop is kind of the worst .
the cashiers are useless and not helpful in any way .
very poor customer service .
i wish the management was more aware about the internet not working .
my main reason for going was to have breakfast and study and was unable .
i 'm not likely to recommend this joint .
this kind of customer service is pitiful .
cappuccino was good size but mediocre .
what killed me was that their internet was down .
i pulled up to the window and the girl was completely annoyed with me .
she asked me several times what it was that i wanted .
then she handed me a bitter cup of coffee .
unfortunately , it 's not my first time throwing away coffee from here .
why _num_ stars ?
not even a sorry from a manager .
i am never setting foot in this establishment again .
my girlfriend and i stopped here because of the high yelp review .
the noodles were overcooked and stuck together in our pad thai .
the food is fresh but very bland .
the tofu was disgusting .
seriously , i had to pick it out and not even eat it .
ick !
i am very disappointed in all the dishes we ordered .
the satay came out first and it was ok .
the noodle dish was the worst dish .
the noodles were really hard .
i could tell they did not warm up the noodles enough before cooking it .
also , there was no flavor to this dish at all .
it was a typical stir fry and it was quite dry .
food was not as flavorful .
it tasted old or something poorly made .
had dessert too coconut custard with rice .
not impressed .
gross .
the noodles i 'm sure were spaghetti .
beyond that , the food tasted awful .
this place is horrible .
ordered shrimp pad thai for lunch cost me $ _num_ .
my pad thai was dry : - ( .
i threw $ _num_ into the trash .
it was n't enjoyable .
that 's sad because i like thai food .
we were given soup with cabbage in it for starters .
it was alright but a little bland .
very bland .
too bad because the lady that served us was really nice .
mine wo n't - wo n't be back .
: ( then i discovered the next disappointment when i started eating the food .
i sure do remember the fish pieces being alot bigger .
what a waste of $ _num_ .
i lost patience and left this establishment .
i later found out the standard progressive is $ _num_ with our insurance .
he told his assistant to hurry up because it 's busy saturdays .
i went to the az mills mall in tempe az .
the bathrooms were disgusting .
for this reason , you lost my business !
worst experience of my life .
find a real place to get your prescription lenses .
disappointed pretty much sums it up .
into week _num_ , called again .
she told me she could n't see that .
oh and they threw in some glasses cleaner for free .
worst service ever .
the staff are not friendly except the doctor .
they find a lens fit and does n't give you any choice .
not a helpful staff .
what the hell ?
( you can not speak to a living breathing human being ) .
this office never sent in my daughters records .
was not impressed with this school .
although the owner there is nice the rest of the crew is not .
they did nothing , they were cheap labor .
none of them have training in this type of education .
this school is just a daycare ... thats it .
i would not recommend it at all .
i 'm not really sure what just happened to me .
i might go back here and just do noodles and sauce .
i was definitely missing the wendy 's that used to be in this spot .
sorry folks , but this place is terrible .
third , the vegetable selection is limited .
no eggs , baby corn , or anything else that might be interesting .
my bowl was quite soupy , but very bland .
the sauces have almost no flavor whatsoever .
why not just charge one price for all ?
anyway the meat and veggies were good but no seafood available .
the place was not as clean as i would have liked but whatever .
the selection was meat , pork , chicken and fish .
it came out fine , but the meat was just weird .
it was shaved , and was kinda tough .
veggies and toppings were fresh , but limited .
more salad topping stuff then anything else .
the staff here was friendly and helpful , i will give them that .
sadly , this was not one of them .
this place is missing one key ingredient : flavor .
i was disappointed that there was not an option of adding an egg .
lots of choices of sauces but they still could n't make it delicious .
but wait ... free frozen yogurt !
i eat at mongolian grills for the mongolian , not crappy generic soft serve .
that 's ridiculous .
a few days later , i called the manager and let him know .
gross .
so gross .
i highly suggest not eating here .
i just wanted food to go : ( why could n't they attended me !
what a disappointment !
i immediately noticed that this building was in serious need of some work .
i did n't hang around to see if she did anything .
sorry for misleading !
even the chicken went bad .
i go to the grocery store for food i can purchase and eat .
the employees are super nice and the lines are short .
they do n't even carry sriracha anymore .
wasted a lot of time and gas .
after having an mri , it showed nothing wrong .
however , they screwed up my billing .
they were pretty rough and unfriendly ... so i do n't blame her reaction .
staff lacks compassion .
this brought my bill up to about $ _num_ .
even the diarrhea had crusted and dried .
they did n't even have my appointment on the books .
there were _num_ pre surgery exam appointments before me .
after about _num_ minutes i was called back .
all in all , i found this experience to be extremely disappointing and unprofessional .
then he would not even acknowledge our presence .
hobby action employees are extremely disrespectful .
they refuse to work with loyal customers .
avoid this hobby shop .
terrible customer service .
if you do n't know anything hobby do n't expect to learn it here .
this place is not good .
the bar service in the band area is really awful .
i had to wait ten minutes to get some waters .
the guy had major attitude too .
the sound guy is not good .
a little disturbing , too ... .
think like _num_ in normal terms , maybe .
do not recommend .
received a note that my package as at this location .
in all i wasted over _num_ min plus drive time .
unfortunately , the service at this specific location was poor at best .
i would recommend avoiding this location , and taking your business elsewhere .
i personally will not recommend to friends , or return .
avoid this location at all costs .
worst ups store i have ever been in .
i had worst experience with enterprise always .
pathetic enterprise company .
i also had a bad experience here a few weeks ago .
like , really awful .
the staff is very mean and definitely not afraid to yell at their customers .
everything else stinks !
clerk asked for my id and continued with the sale .
i would not recommend coming to this store .
there are many more reputable businesses in the area that have cheaper prices .
it 's a grocery store that has crappy customer service .
he just takes the crap , does his duty , and walks away .
no `` anything else ? ''
costumer service is horrible i will not be coming back .
i came in at midnight tonight to do some shopping .
so i thought whatever and started my shopping .
customer service is a big thing for me and this places lacks it .
i will not be going back , i 'd rather shop at walmart .
do not leave the store without a receipt !
i will not be back .
they could add more self checkout lines but they 're to cheap .
horrible shopping experience !
then it happened again ... and a check was never cut .
horrible organization .
this is one of the worst hoa !
probably nothing !
ridiculous !
this company is an absolute joke !
the only way to get their attention is demanding answer from someone in charge .
no real answers until you start screaming at them .
anybody else would get fired for being so incompetent !
but no ... they get paid for it !
this company really needs to go out of business !
just kind of a pathetic experience .
walking into the store , sometimes there is a security person who is watching .
i received terrible customer service today at this location .
so very disappointed and frustrating .
you should n't be doing the job otherwise .
when you make it too sweet for someone 's personal tastes , fix it .
there 's absolutely no excuse for your piss poor attitude .
and then i would 've spoke to your manager .
i finally gave up and stopped ordering from there all together !
this is the worst pizza hut i have ever been to .
asked to speak to the manager and he was extremely hostile .
not sure what could have been done to it .
my family waited one hour and _num_ minutes for this inedible garbage .
was a disappointing waste of money .
this place is a mess .
it 's not even clean .
no one is in the front attending customers .
the phone has been ringing for 5+ minutes and no one cares to answer .
this person was not myself .
that is completely unacceptable .
this has been the worst dental experience of my life !
i 've never heard of this procedure before and the price was outrageous !
i did n't have any other work done .
this is awful service .
amateur customer service , dishonest , and very little business sense .
unfortunately , the facts of my experience have to support otherwise .
_num_ ) called to schedule an appointment without problem .
they answer promptly , and schedule out for just over a week 's time .
they then proceed to make their first mistake and confirm a 12:30 appointment time .
i check my calendar and correct that we scheduled for a 1pm .
that is no problem on my end i say and that is that .
_num_ ) i to my appointment and fill out the paperwork needed .
this is in the range of $ _num_ to get these done .
do not recommend this practice .
they were so condescending and rude the entire appointment .
on top of that the hygienist was chewing gum the entire appointment .
they said they would only email her copies .
do not i repeat do not go here .
i will never utilize his services again .
the cookies were ok , nothing special .
i do n't know where to start .
as much as i love the food , the service is just ... bad .
not only that , but my order is almost always wrong .
chicken caesar salad and they forget the chicken ?
the employees are incompetent .
do n't believe me ?
of if your friends were more like mine , a tv with rabbit ears .
( kinda crappy 70s seating .
but that does n't happen .
would not recommend this place .
greasy and loud .
it is really , really hard to top erica o .
man , was this place sort of depressing .
disappointing place .
coin operated pool table were a disaster .
i am stuck playing on these tables for pool league .
the games are $ _num_ each and way over priced .
the idea of having pool league is to have more people spending more money .
the only reason to go to d & e is if you have to !
avoid it if you can .
$ _num_ for wells and wine and certain beers .
obviously this place is n't a wine bar so it was n't that great .
i guess this was an ok place to hang out .
because our service was extremely slow .
but the negative is the `` fried wings '' !
talk about horrible service !
staff is rude .
then the staff tries to over charge you .
i 'm never coming to your shitty bro bar ever again .
nothing more than `` tolerable '' .
her response , `` i 'm not on anymore .
i flag down another waitress _num_ minutes later .
she 's pretty rude , but at least we 're getting service .
will not be going there ever again !
i have been here a couple times and it was never that bad .
i could not believe that i was being charged for her mistake .
just sucks that the shitty customer service had to ruin that .
unfortunately everything else about this place was disappointing .
our stuff was knocked around and my drink was spilled everywhere .
to me that is just terrible customer service .
we waited for about _num_ minutes and still were not helped .
no omelet bar or anything beyond basic buffet .
they recently have remodeled the club house .
the course is in the worst shape in the past _num_ years .
foot golf is encouraged after 9:00 on weekends .
this golf course is as low rent as they come .
we finally left and will spend our money elsewhere .
terrible .
i wish there was another course that offered foot golf in the phoenix area .
the country club itself shows its age , and so do the patrons .
not safe !
not fun or safe .
the whole place seems like a free for all with no authority .
too bad .
craving some food .
not to us , we could n't even get a 2nd beer .
and tonight ?
only way to even get appetizers is to go to the bar and order .
the grounds maintenance is very poor .
the appearance is tacky and not groomed .
tuesdays have come and gone and the grounds are disgusting .
rent is a little steep but not ridiculous for what you get .
we also had a problem with ants getting in for random things .
the office hour is not reasonable .
usually dried up or slightly brown lettuce , dirty floors , etc .
this location in particular i do not care for .
totally average experience , the only saving grace was the soup .
opposite the soup counter they have a small frozen yogurt vending machine .
and add another two dollars if you want chicken on that already pricey salad .
i am not a fan .
we also tried the pineapple upside down cake , eh so , so !
i like the new look but hate the confusing new set up .
and put in more than one soda machine for crying out loud !
on top of that the cashier did not give them back their card .
i went online to check the balance , then called the customer service # .
all they can do was take down my information and someone will contact me .
that was _num_ weeks ago .
actually never been to a bad one till now .
no fresh fruit station no fruit salad .
pretty terrible .
everything was messy and unclean , there was very little options for pasta .
hell no .
i have been to better sweet tomatoes .
not going to this one again anytime soon .
buffet serving tables and serving utensils had been slammed by a previous sunday rush .
i completely lost my appetite .
the customer service is terrible here , and every staff member was completely rude .
seriously , when was the last time you just bit into a tomato ?
it sucks , just like this food .
on my visit i opted for the basics .
one star because they flat out lied to us .
it is a shame because up until this time our experience was positive .
unfortunately we received terrible service at the az mills location .
there was no welcoming feeling here .
it became clear that my girls were correct in how they were treated .
i should have read reviews first before purchasing a puppy from this company ... .
this place is just sad !
the employees are too lazy to let you meet any of the animals .
please do n't make the same mistake we did .
they were n't playing , they were definitely fighting over the food .
they do not take care of their animals !
i just felt awful !
i wish i took a video to show how every puppy looked .
but i only grabbed a pic of the first few .
it was to late and he had got all my other dogs sick .
whatever you do please do not buy a puppy from here !
too busy closing to provide customer service !
it 's not the most unappetizing fast-food experience i 've had .
too noisy and not enough good beer .
most of the music sucked .
another place i 'd like to give a negative star review .
for starters , the lanes have entirely too much oil .
avoid this place .
i 'm not paying to get commercials all night .
it was appalling .
last night left me pretty annoyed .
just seemed really cheap and sad .
most ridiculous experience ever !
terrible experience and we wo n't be back .
rude staff .
the price of bowling was n't bad ; the food was way over priced .
it was a giant rip off .
overall , i would n't recommend them .
not worth the price we had to pay .
staff manager did not help to the slightest .
worst experience i have ever had @ a bowling alley .
_num_ star for being shit .
the cashier shannon was probably the rudest single person o have ever encountered .
this is the worst service i have ever encountered .
never going back !
no way they sold all that inventory at _num_ % off .
she never got sick , so i 'm guessing the meatloaf is safe .
i do n't see a lot of safe food handling being done .
needless to say , i 'm not going back .
the cashier gave me a look like i was bothering her .
( um , the restaurant was n't packed with people . )
she said she could go to the back and get us some .
we 're human , so no big deal .
left here full , but annoyed .
much , much worse !
there was no attempt to make it right .
it was very unprofessional .
not one person serving food was wearing gloves .
i tried to call corporate and there was no place to leave a message .
disgusting and totally unsanitary .
and said over and over again , `` _num_ sides of mac and cheese ?
i was not happy with my experience this time .
if she reads this she will know exactly what i 'm talking about .
my hair cut did n't go well .
so that 's why the haircut was so fast .
so i think my experience at this salon was mixed at best .
the atmosphere is low key .
so , here 's how my experience with this dry cleaner went down .
anyway , i went back the following day to claim my suit .
that 's when things really took a turn for the worst .
the first time i went the service was good for a cheap price .
this ended up costing me an extra _num_ dollars .
i do not own cats etc so i know it is from the cleaners .
if you need it in an hour they ca n't do it .
false advertising .
my wife did not get better .
no further assistance was given .
trust me , do not see this doctor !
i could n't afford both .
do not see this doctor .
no longer a fan .
the first time i visited the store the staff were friendly and helpful .
since then , the customer service has gone downhill .
i am not a patient , my husband is .
rating is for overall poor customer service .
stay away .
i would n't spend another dime with these guys .
do you research prior to purchasing and getting anything installed at this location .
went in seeking some spare gas tanks and water tanks .
very rude .
the only give _num_ , and you have to pay for the fourth .
so i just want everyone to know how dirty i think this is .
that _num_ nuggets per sauce .
that 's unacceptable .
the place smelled bad ( think vomit ) and it was dirty .
my friends and i stopped here for breakfast en route to the nascar race .
when we picked up the food , the coffee had no flavoring .
horrible customer service .
and apparently all the employees have a hard time hearing .
obviously that 's why i did n't get onions .
i 'm not stupid .
but that 's not what i had said .
i guess pickles and onions sound the same .
your job is n't that hard .
do n't give someone crappy service because of it .
no i dont know a lot about cars .
thats no reason to take advantage of a person in a crappy situation .
f these guys .
worst experience ever !
ladies do not waste your time with these clowns for one minute .
so i 'm driving and all of a sudden i have a blow out .
wrong !
plus they are rude and do n't care !
i went in to get two new tires put on my car .
i was quoted $ _num_ .
which totaled to around $ _num_ and i 'm okay with paying that .
had i not done my research , i would have completely overlooked this .
this is unacceptable .
been coming and buying tires from this exact shop for over _num_ years now .
trying to show loyalty but they do not seem interested in the same .
extremely frustrated and disappointed and therefore have to award a one star rating .
i was very unhappy with service provided .
if they did n't see me watching them they would n't have done it .
saturday morning i went in due to tire light coming on to check .
saturday afternoon i have flat !
tires are expensive , and you guys at southern do n't care .
these issues never occurred up in gilbert .
the decor is typical `` throw junk on the wall '' chic .
the espresso is somewhat weak .
it still tastes better than starbucks i guess and it 's close to home .
i agree with chris l. ; i was disappointed with the cafe .
i paid $ _num_ for _num_ shots .
created a yelp page because i was annoyed with this place .
maybe they have great coffee but thats not my beef with them .
rude .
thats not `` cigar smoker friendly '' at all !
i went in here tonight with the bf .
anyway , the reason for the low stars is the coffee .
i got a latte and it just was n't that good .
it also did n't have a ton of flavor .
the grande was really big , kind of expensive though .
i really , really wanted to like this place .
i would ask to give _num_ .
which is freakin - disgusting .
it was n't a very big coffee shop .
the place was crowded with people stopping in .
she did n't give us the correct discount .
it was alright , but it tasted a little gritty to me .
coffee is ok , i 've had better .
rude .
two stars seem kind of low , but the description of `` meh .
three stars is `` a-ok , '' not how i would describe this place .
i wo n't support local business if they are n't up to standards .
this was the first time that i have visited this place .
it seemed cramped and small with all of the people stuffed in there .
dark , dingy and dirty were the words that came to mind .
just so-so for a coffee place .
the biggest problem though are the drinks .
sadly , i was disappointed in the results .
not a bit of it in this one .
sorry but these owners are quite something .
he then hung up with no further comment .
sorry but after an experience like that , how could we go there ?
lying about it and his behavior just were not called for .
we would not have called back if it had n't .
perhaps their phone manners are just what is lacking .
very disappointing .
i had a work meeting here recently and spent several hours hanging out here .
so not appealing !
_num_ stars , hands down .
it tasted like straight syrup .
i 've had to wait in line while they watch videos together .
this used to be my favorite coffee shop .
not anymore .
my wife and i unfortunately lived in this complex for about _num_ 1/2 years .
it was horrible .
they sort of fixed it but not really .
the management handled this horribly .
finally they forced me to move for _num_ months left in my lease .
of course once again no help to move and gave me about _num_ days .
management tried to tow my car .
wednesday rolls around , and the carpets have been cleaned without event .
apparently , the carpet company never turned in my key to my apartment .
i 'm back again .
_num_ ) there must be a time range ( ie .
my deposit was $ _num_ .
service was okay , we had to call the guy over a few times .
they did n't even check on us .
get there at _num_ and decide to pass the time by getting a bite .
`` the drink specials do n't start until _num_ '' says the bartender .
drink specials do n't start til _num_ .
melissa is right , it smelled pretty bad downstairs .
it took _num_ minutes for the manager to get to us .
when he did arrive , he did not even acknowledge us or apologize .
he just looked like a big jerk .
also the food there isnt the greatest .
i really did n't care about price at the time with the coupon .
it was as if they closed the place down and just left us .
probably would n't notice .
the game selection is not too bad .
the customer service is deplorable , though .
however , on two occasions , the staff has been incredibly rude .
unfortunately , i do n't think i will be returning to this location again .
i have no desire to visit this place again .
i would n't guess _num_ stars for that even , though . )
oh how the mighty have fallen .
those days are long gone .
bought a _num_ dollar card and did n't even use up the whole thing .
man this place has gone down .
i went today with my brothers and we were very disappointed .
it was around _num_ and there were beer bottles around the games downstairs .
after talking to the manger who did n't seem to care we left .
as for the main dish we got a chili burger ... worst decision ever .
it sounded amazing , it was bad .
just bad .
overall this was quite a disappointing experience .
not worth my money , definitely wo n't be back .
literally _num_ % of the machines were out of order or turned off .
management , get your shit together .
i 've been here many times and it gets worse and worse .
complete waste of money .
the rest is a hot mess .
$ _num_ for a large pizza and four one hour passes .
could there not be a sign ?
are you kidding me ?
no good place of business should be this darn complicated .
it 's ridiculous .
wo n't come here again .
after that it was all downhill .
the seats to sit on were either cut open or falling off .
he could n't care any less and was absolutely no help .
you could n't pay me to go back !
the ticket and card buying system is a little bit complicated .
i just would n't spend money here again .
should be called nothing works .
_num_ % of the games were broken .
on the two player games only one player worked .
the customer service was so-so .
not cool .
all the trash was over flowing out of the garbage 's .
it smelled bad , and everything is sticky .
and do n't get me started on the men 's room .
this place should be called joke works .
avoid .
i was so wrong !
appalling and will not return .
what a terrible way to lose money .
$ _num_ for unlimited games for _num_ hour is n't a bad deal .
when half of the games are broken , it 's a bad deal .
this place is so awful .
they were such a rip off .
overpriced and dirty and every arcade machine was out of order .
it 's such a disappointment .
ugh .
too bad for me , i was on lunch and hungry and already there .
terrible billing dept !
they seem unable to just look up my account .
do you want my freaking money or not ?
if you have a choice you should avoid this company .
so i got stuck with the bill for the full amount .
they said no we do n't have to .
i give this place _num_ star and would give it zero if i could .
slow .
almost like no one is working here !
the lady next to me has been waiting over _num_ hours .
this place is ridiculously inefficient .
do yourself a favor , find some other provider .
horrible !
( to be more efficient ) , i had high hopes for the place .
i did not make an appt , but apparently everyone else had .
there were only _num_ people when doors opened .
there are _num_ more who have not been seen yet .
not sure why it takes this place so long to see people .
your employees ca n't wait to shut the doors on time !
extremely disappointing .
the only reason this facility deserves one start is for dr aaron .
his staff however was not .
the nurses wear jeans and t shirts , very unprofessional .
i do n't see how this place could get so many stars .
they want another office visit and more money .
after _num_ visits i will not be returning to east valley children 's center .
plus in three visits i never saw the doctor wash her hands .
she just went into the next room and saw her next patient .
i never had these problems with our pediatrician in texas .
i could not get in with a doctor but instead saw a nurse .
after in network adjustment , i owe $ _num_ .
as was the idea of buying a road bike .
but , after saving up and doing some research i was off ... .
i can only describe this customer service as snobby and uninterested .
sorry i 'm a beginner .
sorry i 'm not a man .
sorry i do n't have $ _num_ to spend on a road bike .
apparently , women who are beginners are not welcome there .
very disappointing .
i mean , ca n't a girl brag a little ?
i ca n't stand this place .
the sales staff were arrogant and completely useless .
i will not even buy an inner tube from them .
i had a bad experience here that has taken my business elsewhere .
the tire went flat as i was driving it home in my back seat .
terrible staff at this location .
they are not helpful and do n't have basic items in stock .
`` oh our inventory gets updated at night , sorry '' .
not impressed .
cheap bikes for the average joe , and limited inventory .
do n't see what the positive reviews are about .
then again i just moved from socal where there are no average bike shops .
it was pretty standard fare , nothing spectacular .
the overly long wait and poor service ( our waitress forgot us ) .
the sandwich itself , was not what was represented on the menu .
i though by looking at the food the manager would be shocked .
worst experience my boyfriend and i have ever had going out to eat .
food was cold and looked and tasted like it was all microwaved .
went in at breakfast time it was semi busy .
walked out after _num_ mins of waiting for a sandwich .
the service was so so slow .
ugh .
bathrooms are dirty and run down .
please get me out of here .
worst service ever .
will not be found back to any dennys ever .
have eaten here before , but today will be our last .
avocado is old and getting bad too .
the only fresh thing might be the boiled egg .
rude .
skip this place .
there was a giant roach in the wall .
next thing i know , they send us a bill for $ _num_ !
i could not believe how unprofessional they were there !
its not fair !
so annoying , they should do something about it asap !
were is the staff & maintenance people when this happens ?
to anyone who reads this , please read the ten filtered post .
it is a shame that these are being hidden from view .
go down to the bottom of this page under the last review listed .
management style was arrogant and unprofessional .
there had literally not been even a small courtesy notice .
management only acted on my complaints after i had called the cops .
no action from management .
_num_ minutes later , one of the repair staff found the time .
i have been renting places for a decade now .
do n't come here for pizza it is low quality non ny style food .
so i paid for it and sat to down to wait .
after _num_ minutes , i finally asked when it would be ready .
no one ever called my name over the speakers .
friday night and they have tons of pre cooked pizza sitting there .
i 'm a vegetarian so these slices of pizza are now useless .
pizza in the garbage .
bummer , big waste of time and effort .
however more recently they have been getting pretty bad in quality .
the antipasto was good , but the pizza was a disappointment .
the meats were pretty bland .
the crust was a bit soggy and the sauce lacked seasoning too .
do not know how this place received so many good reviews .
this may have been the worst pizza i have ever had .
you could taste the low quality in the cheese and toppings .
its really bad , trust me .
this place has gone downhill .
but after awhile , you just got to call it what it is .
it 's just not what it was .
disappoint .
i am assuming cause it is in tempe ( a college town ) .
and i only ate it because i was hungry .
the rest is crust , and tough , tasteless crust , to boot .
without any taste to keep them in business .
i went in for _num_ slices .
but i was like well maybe white sauce just is n't their thing .
the second slice was like flavor country after such a bland slice .
does this even have pizza sauce ?
this is n't even as good as that .
ca n't understand the high marks it has .
it happens , i get it .
do n't call me a liar .
the food is alright but the service is horrible .
trying to get someone 's attention to ask a question is next to impossible .
by the time i got to eat the food was barely warm .
turkey sandwich , flavorless .
something is wrong here.
went in for spaghetti with marinara .
plain tomato sauce , no flavor .
the cheese is like rubber , but the crust is chewy .
do not order delivery from this place .
they took down the wrong address and came very late .
venezia 's is not authentic italian .
i ordered a medium size so i could take some home for leftovers .
waited another _num_ minutes , then went up again .
`` hmmm ... let me check '' ... she walked off .
now , after all that , the pizza was very ... ordinary .
overall bad .
the pizza crust is really , really salty .
very much like a pizza dough you 'd buy from a grocery store .
it makes the pizza real dry .
the toppings are not all equal quantity .
there was so little pineapple on my pizza i could barely taste it .
the jalapeno 's are not fresh ; they are marinated or pickled .
i do not recommend this pizza place .
worst pizza both my husband and i felt sick after eating it !
all the toppings fell off and it arrived cold !
i wish their were a negative rating .
is leaving something in the oven a little longer so terribly hard ?
luckily , there are many other pizza joints to choose from .
i am not rushing to eat the leftovers and that 's not like me .
i went to this restaurant today for pizza .
then when the slice came to the table , it was cold .
i will not be going back to this restaurant for pizza or anything .
further the staff is horrible - monday , july _num_ , _num_ .
we ordered _num_ salads , a calzone and a slice of pizza .
i called to see if maybe the online order did n't send .
i gave her directions and about _num_ min later she showed up .
the pizza was cold and the wings were room temp .
price was $ _num_ or $ _num_ total with tip for delivery .
the pizza took _num_ minutes to arrive .
they estimated an hour so no issues here .
they were very light on the toppings and they were n't spread out properly .
a few slices barely had any toppings at all .
the wings were sad .
ultimately the reason for my poor review .
not crispy at all .
so bad that they found the garbage .
i 'm not too sure we 'll be ordering from here again .
drove _num_ miles to try the pizza again .
my last dining experience left a lot to be desired .
when the food came out , it was not corrected .
my child will only eat cheese , so no cheese was an issue .
i have never had a bad salad from there .
not a fan .
i got two slices of pizza with _num_ toppings on each .
i would not recommend ordering individual slices .
made our pizza wrong two times .
i 've witnessed 1st hand how much the business has grown .
unfortunately the customer service has greatly declined .
she could n't crack a smile even after i offered her a compliment .
could 've been the grease , idk .
this place is n't for me .
everything was gross !
i wish i could get my money back .
it was a disaster arriving home with this costco pizza .
they obviously did n't care about getting a new patient .
all in all a very frustrating experience .
all of a sudden one evening my car 's coolant light went on .
safe to say , i was scared for my car !
they quoted me $ _num_ for everything .
avoid them !
the price which i was quoted was not the price i paid .
there is no reason to open my hood during a tire transaction .
i wo n't be using it .
have to wait til monday .
do not bother with this place !
i did n't have a spare so i could n't move my car .
biggest disappointment i 've ever experienced .
just needed a quick patch and now i need a new tire .
negative starts , if i could , i would give them .
he said we always put tire pressure at what came from factory .
i can not even begin to think right now !
rip off !
i had a horrible experience with these clowns .
$ _num_ part .
do n't trust this business .
no apology , no refund , no nothing .
they just want to suck money from us .
i never asked them about it , they just told me .
they gave me an estimate of $ _num_ to have it worked on !
that day , they also suggested we get our `` rotors replaced '' .
chains like this ( e.g .
only reason i didnt use them is midas is close to home .
( the other guy at the counter was nice though .
terrible .
the next day my car starts making the worst noise i had ever heard .
went back in and it turns out my tires were not put correctly .
so i scheduled an appt for the next day .
this is the walmart of tire centers and avoid this place at all costs .
took into midas and was told i need a new compressor - $ _num_ .
i basically gave them _num_ for nothing .
_num_ on your side could care less .
_num_ stars .
this is not how you run a business .
i work until _num_ , why would i schedule an appointment at _num_ ?
anyway , they said they could squeeze me in .
i should apologize for my car running worse after having it serviced by you ?
i wish i could give them zero stars .
this is the absolute worst shop we have ever gone too .
all the mechanics are idiots .
very disappointed .
uh , but ... i was told to sit over `` there . ''
of course not , cause they need the money .
once i got to the counter , person was very unfriendly .
i do feel bad for the people who are in need of blood .
unfortunately this was a bright red flag for me .
this place is crap .
if it smells like crap , it must be crap .
oh , and the staff have no idea what they are doing .
not good enough .
3rd time ; my husband comes too .
really ?
so unfair .
waste of time .
horrible ... .
that 's my _num_ cents ... .
never really had any problems just rude employees .
all they want is to get you out as quick as they can .
worst customer service ive ever seen .
management is horrible and the employees are worse .
anyway , the staff here sucks .
dont waste your time here , go to down the street .
i have to drive _num_ minutes just to get there .
the staff seem like they were hired off the streets .
i cant get over how they lack cleanliness .
i do n't even want to give a star .
where to start , this place is a wreck .
the girl could n't tell me that the first time i was here .
these people do n't give a craps .
the one down the street is better in my opinion .
i refuse to ever go to this one again .
no call .
she was n't very friendly .
should have been my first warning .
this process could have been handled better .
the woman was not very friendly in her handling of this issue .
state farm then provided us another provider to correct the ding in the windshield .
this place was so weird !
the food was tasty , but the experience ruined it .
this place sucks .
not so .
looks are n't everything .
it 's empty and dumpy looking .
the only people here have a mean age of _num_ .
we significantly bring this average down .
you 're going to charge me _num_ for six ounces of lemonade ?
my money 's on no .
maybe you could use it as a paper weight ?
other than that , stay away .
once again , a brief review filled with disappointment and regret .
it was cold .
maybe they should 've left this in the microwave longer .
god bless the edit button , i 'll have to come back with something .
the owner was nice but very pushy on me ordering the specials .
my order came with soup , i chose lentil .
the falafel however was just not good at all .
my tastebuds just could not agree with the sauce or ingredients .
this was the first mediterranean place i had in az .
i should 've stayed home and saved my money .
the _num_ star is for an attempt at a restaurant .
the falafel though -- worst i 've ever had .
it 's dried out and flavorless .
i hardly wanted to finish it but did because i was hungry .
gross .
no water .
no service .
however , i cant say that was the case .
for starters our drinks were terrible .
they do not have ginger ale .
they have soda water and pepsi that they will give to you without warning .
i could n't taste any scotch and my drink was still a caramel color .
the owners were constantly over our shoulders begging for praise and attention .
the rice was plain , and lacked substance .
i will not be returning nor will i suggest this place to my friends .
did n't get a chance to eat here .
only _num_ tables had diners .
we were n't greeted at the door very quickly .
disappointing .
the lady who seated us was unhappy that we were leaving .
do n't know if i 'll give this place another chance .
other friends says eh food .
this was a terrible experience !
the owner made everything extremely awkward from basically the moment that we sat down .
i thought the food was moderate , but would not recommend ordering the lamb .
way too much drama and bs here !
the moment we walked in we knew we made a mistake .
i really have no idea how this dump has a _num_ star rating .
unbelievable .
this place is _num_ stars at most .
waiting for another _num_ minutes .
a pretty terrible experience here .
do n't waste your time .
i had the spaghetti and meatballs .
i mean really , what can you do to spaghetti .
well , i guess you can use old sauce .
the garlic bread was white ( that means raw dough ) .
the sauce horrible .
perhaps the sandwiches are better , but i doubt it .
super irritating .
but i disappointed .
unfortunately they no longer carry black beans and their refried beans contain lard .
i went here the other day for lunch and it was very disappointing .
also , it was really soggy , not crispy at all .
it tasted like jar salsa .
the _num_ 's music also did not fit the atmosphere of a mexican restaurant .
nothing special .
salsa was meh , chips were stale .
chicken enchiladas had no flavor .
within _num_ minutes our deal chicken coupon was good again .
they never even attempted to contact us to at least apologize .
too bad we were looking forward to going back after finishing our meal .
service was not the best .
i was disappointed with my experience here .
i ordered two ground beef tacos with just meat and cheese .
i could have made way better tacos at home .
the beef was bland and had did n't have much flavor .
the chips for the salsa were stale .
i would not recommend this place based on my personal experience here .
check out my review for los taquitos in phoenix for a much better option .
this place has tasteless food that is over priced .
chips were cold like out of a bag .
there were _num_ occupied tables , maybe she was busy doing side work .
not worth the visit .
the beans tasted like they were from a can and not fresh .
wasnt worth the money i spent .
i will not be going back anytime soon .
ca n't really think why i 'd return , the experience was underwhelming .
when we got our food the quesadilla was burnt to hell .
the water taste bad .
i did take a photo and the difference is obvious .
im giving it a very weak two , probably should be a _num_ .
came in this past sunday , chips and salsa were alright .
not good !
dont waste your time and money at this place .
made me very sad .
the salsa tasted like tomato and onion .
i literally could not eat the rice or the beans -- they tasted awful .
my wife was similarly unimpressed .
it 's really too bad -- i used to like this place .
not our 1st choice when seeking mexican , even though it 's nearby .
no bueno .
stopped in for a bit of a jewelry emergency .
i will not be back .
the sales agent was very deceiving in the transaction .
it was thin and crispy and cut into little bite size pizzas .
it was more like a pizza flavored quesadilla than an actual pizza .
it was n't bad , but i would n't rush back for more .
you have been warned .
had a not so good experience at nello 's .
and sadly so has the pizza .
the feta cheese could not be tasted it was so sparse on the pie .
the onions could be tasted in a few bites .
i felt completely ripped off by the lack of toppings i paid for .
so i just ate and left .
`` car broke down so was unable to get fresh ingredients for today .
that didnt serve as warning enough to turn around and go home .
and an hour later nellos lost .
and _num_ minutes later our food was delivered .
we ordered a chicken parmigiana sammy and a spinach , mushroom , onion pie .
the sauce was not hot , the bread was soggy .
mr lucy bit into his slice of pie was was laughing .
nellos will not see our dollars again .
this restaurant was just okay to me .
i ordered a thin crust and it was just average .
the staff was friendly , so that was a plus .
it is n't even busy in here .
not too pleased .
this was my third experience with nellos .
what a mistake .
i 'm sorry but the chains follow through .
unless the management does n't care .
too bad a long block away from my house .
this was my first visit .
i had heard good things , so maybe my expectations were set too high .
thick , deep crust pizza with good chunks of buffalo chicken .
overall , their food is ok , i 'd just stick with the pizza .
the garlic bread was so good , was the only thing i actually enjoyed .
particularly their pepperoni pineapple pizza .
the service has been mediocre at best .
`` no i do n't think i carry that right now . ''
not old ... but certainly not freshly made .
i 'll probably be visiting the mesa location from now on .
gordon ramsey would have a field day with this place .
after _num_ minutes my wings came out .
worst $ _num_ i have ever spent at this restaurant .
dane however was very `` seasoned '' at handling this kind of situation .
_num_ stars for service , _num_ star for food .
$ _num_ for _num_ sandwiches and chips is a solid value .
no apology or mention of the wait until i inquired .
the takeout host was sorry .
no explanation , no attempt to make it right .
ridiculous .
beer was even flat .
oregano 's blows this place away .
so sad to see how they have gone cheap on their pizza .
if you want any type of quality , look elsewhere .
the garlic bread was drenched in oil .
we ordered three mini pizzas and they were all terrible .
the food was n't that great , and some of the servers were horrible .
the pizza was way to cheesy and gave me a stomach ache later .
the pasta was just disgusting .
i wo n't be going back .
six customers in the place .
dirty dishes left on tables for _num_ minutes .
antipasto sub took _num_ minutes to `` cook '' .
the chicken must of been frozen then heated again it was really tough .
the italian herb fries were bland and soggy .
wo n't be back again .
the food was poor .
did not get served the last time we went .
the next time , our pizza took over _num_ minutes or more .
made me want to order papa johns .
my hubby likes to sit at the bar and order the chicken enchilada pizza .
disgusting !
this is about the lousy service .
i blame management for not having more than one waiter to serve _num_ people .
the guy who greeted us said it had n't been set up yet .
ummmm ... nada happens .
some people ordered soda , some alcohol ... i just wanted water .
ridiculous !
we think this is too long to ask us to wait .
possibly the _num_ or so of us was too much for one waiter ?
i 'm very disappointed in the service at this location for a party group .
# _num_ : the wait was ridiculous to get our main items .
# _num_ : check order with customer before putting it in .
paying for what we did n't order puts one in a rather unpleasant mood .
however , this location does not make it right .
there is just something so weird tasting about it .
the interior is tired and dingy too .
i left thoroughly unimpressed .
the location is , as i noted above , unremarkable .
both the inside and the outside of the place are pretty worn down .
the salads came out first , and they looked pretty bad .
nothing looked fresh , and the lettuce was all pale green iceberg .
other than that , it was just a disappointment .
there were n't many vegetables on my veggie mountain pizza .
but the worst part about it was that the pizza was cold .
it was n't just not piping hot , it actually was n't even warm .
again , disappointing .
he refunded the road kill pizza , but not the other items .
i then told him i was not taking any part of the order .
customer service is not on their menu .
sorry nello 's - your out !
totally disappointing .
wrong decision and a total waste of my time and money .
the toppings were sparse and the overall taste , well nothing like i remember .
the wings on the menu were described as jumbo but quite the opposite also .
extremely poor !
it would n't be worth it to seat us !
that is not a voucher for anything but more poor business !
so disgusting to turn customers away !
the original owners sold off this location and it has gone downhill since .
the pizzas are inconsistent .
immediately to the trash .
wo n't be back to this location .
do n't get high before you go to work , kids .
he took it off the bill , but still disappointing .
no part of the experience has me rushing back .
this place has the worst service i 've ever encountered .
pizza is alright but seriously the staff is the worst .
rude manager .
ca n't take a correct order to save their life .
save yourself some time and frustration and go to the one in mesa .
to me , that means old , cold popcorn .
it was disgusting .
where , exactly , is my $ _num_ going ?
ca n't say i 'll be going back .
sooooo , $ _num_ for a ticket .
okay , kinda expensive , but i get it .
we tried _num_ seats before we realized this is just how they are .
spent $ _num_ per ticket to see `` catching fire '' in imax .
i 'm not sure whose fault this is .
not imax quality .
not worth $ _num_ .
they ripped us off .
not going there again if i can help it .
i mean , it 's a movie theater .
not to be irritated throughout .
the men 's bathroom was horribly dirty and sticky .
the beverage holder looked clean enough though .
there were no words said to me except `` hold on '' .
i was pissed .
but everything was so ridiculously unorganized .
mess mess mess .
bought a shirt with a broken button and did n't realize it .
next , i waited twenty minutes for my drink .
also , slow wi-fi .
staff was less then thrilled to be at work .
everyone seemed to have a attitude that was n't exactly inviting .
poor customer service .
baristas do n't know the secret menu & just standing around talking .
dirty place , shitty service , not recommended at all .
this location gives marshall 's a bad name .
5-10 minutes was just enough time for us to do that anyway .
i knew az mills was ghetto ... .
our business is obviously wanted and appreciated elsewhere .
one of the worst experiences in customer service .
all coats except one , which was marked at $ _num_ .
i 'm only _num_ and i 'm not an idiot .
ordered something from a very helpful gentlemen last saturday .
too bad you tossed it on a $ _num_ part .
not a fan of the new ownership .
updated _num_ .
dropped them off and went on with my work day .
wrong !
_num_ hours after i dropped them off they had only been washed .
needless to say i took my puppies elsewhere .
my poor baby ... they are supposed to be professional ?
not the place to take your cat .
it was loud and chaotic .
i ca n't believe i 'm writing this review .
the owner comes out and says he is not ready .
it takes them an entire _num_ minutes to even acknowledge me .
when finally acknowledged by the owner , i explain the situation again .
this is appalling .
as someone who is a customer service manager , this is never okay .
not me !
to not try and make the situation right for a customer is horrible business .
i am so so disappointed .
not the worst , but certainly not ideal .
, but no one called anyway .
sorry i will not be taking her back .
i had a chicken chimichanga because it was their $ _num_ lunch special .
it 's not that bad , just nothing special .
they also do n't ask customers in drive through if they would like condiments .
probably will not return due to issues with this .
terrible .
longest wait in a drive thru ever .
just to find out they forgot to put things in the bag .
it 's a friggin coffee - plain - same size every friggin time .
this place sucks .
for the 3rd time this week they got it wrong today .
eh ?
the only starbucks i know that can screw up an americano every time .
my goal is taste not volume , is that hard to understand ?
what a mess !
no thanks ... just dont show it available .
seriously i threw it away .
simply was not worth the trip across town for a visit .
very disappointing .
the office staff is incompetent and rude !
he is even more rude and condescending than the staff was !
one of the worst experiences with a doctor .
only then would he listen to me .
the absolutely worst experience i have ever had with a doctor !
i told him he was rude and i was done .
i 've never walked out or told a doctor that before .
staff was extremely unprofessional .
... bottom line , i hate this place .
they never get your order right , even the tots suck here .
ordered a strawberry slush , watermelon slush , cherry slush , and coke slush .
ugh .
wo n't be going there again .
they really need to get a better drive-through speaker .
never planning on ordering from here again .
we will not be returning to this poorly managed sonic .
by this time , my side item was cold .
what a shame , too , because it 's in such a nice area .
i would give zero stars if i could .
recently i ordered a standard cheeseburger combo with a slush .
_num_ minutes later , i got it .
overall disappointed at this sonic .
the staff did n't care when i asked why it was taking so long .
sonic should be ashamed of themselves .
they really know how lower standards .
i came in for lunch around 1pm , my order came around $ _num_ .
well _num_ minutes later i still have no food .
when it finally came they gave me no reason why it took so long .
no reason ?
which does n't happen often .
i wo n't waste my $ _num_ there again .
she gave my order to me and did n't even say a word .
it was honestly the worst service i 've ever had at sonic .
i will not be back to this location .
being a former employee of sonic i know how busy it can get .
and to make things worse not even an apology for the wait time .
the employees were rude .
it still took _num_ minutes for them to make me a diet cherry limeade .
$ _num_ for what amounts to a large soda is ridiculous .
the employees at this site are very rude and unfriendly .
monday night , service was extremely slow here .
do n't frequent if your in a rush .
i also had a coupon and it did n't take off the right amount .
they never include sauces that should be included with meals .
i have never been to a slower fast food restaurant before .
they tasted horrible and i would n't doubt they were made in dirty oil .
the service here is absolutely horrible .
the whole experience was completely awkward .
also no mirror at all .
just gross .
long wong 's was like that , for example .
this place 's smell is not friendly reminder of anything .
lame '' ) .
- and still way , way too red , even for that tiny glass .
i do n't know how people can eat here .
the food is all grease and fat .
the quality of the ingredients used is all very low .
fries are made more of oil than potato .
plus that the coke tasted watered down .
lame .
btw , i know _num_ people who got food poisoning from their greasy wings .
what a terrible experience .
food was slow .
service was terrible .
really disappointing .
as an actual native new yorker , this place is a real disappointment .
ranch with the wings ( not offered the choice ) ?
i might however bring my own blue cheese .
told me there was nothing she could do .
fridays , chile 's , etc . )
i have been here _num_ times .
the wait staff was friendly and the wings were great .
ordered a pizza from them for the 1st time tonight .
wifey said i could n't go with papa johns or pizza hut .
native new yorker seemed like a place that would have awesome pizza .
we had pizza , wings , salad , and some beer .
the pizza tasted fairly plan and very greasy .
it 's almost like there is too much breading on them .
this location is their worst .
wings friday night tasted like vinegar .
poor choice to spend your $ $ .
just get takeout .
they took my money and never came back .
no drinks ignored my request for napkins .
because the service is a hit or a miss .
my first visit , the servers were very attentive .
and no , i am not exaggerating , their service really is that poor .
the food here is awful , if your going for drinks , great idea !
do not waste your money on the food !
i wo n't be eating here ever again .
the wings were over cooked and were not the flavor sauce i asked for .
very disappointed and wo n't be coming back .
my worst experience ever .
all of them were a complete , and utter disappointment .
tasted like buffalo sauce .
service was poor .
wrong !
no thanks !
my boyfriend and i go here every tuesday for wings .
however , they 're getting way too expensive .
a pack of _num_ wings is almost six dollars .
that 's $ _num_ a wings .
sorry but they will no longer be getting our business .
we come here all the time & very disappointed in last night visit .
such a bad experience !
do not bother with this company they are all crooks !
service attitude sucks !
the woman i talked to on the phone is really really rude !
please change to someone else !
not impressed ... the inventory is old and outdated .
i hate myself every time i wind up shopping here .
i refuse to be treated like a criminal by default .
most of the stuff in this place is junk .
sad , really .
well , beads galore international in phoenix , az did it to me .
beads galore international in phoenix , az is bad business .
terrible .
the male check out clerk was super rude .
low quality .
never going back .
the place seemed dirty and depressing .
not a good selection of beads in my opinion .
gross !
terrible customer service .
the exact date and time should be in the notes from those calls .
this is terrible customer service !
i am very disappointed with walgreen 's apparent lack of concern .
they told me _num_ minutes for my prescription , _num_ tops .
the place smells like a burning tire when you walk in .
service was ok , but the food was n't very good .
the salsa was alright too .
i ordered a beef tostada and a beef taco .
i took one bite of the tostada and could n't take another .
so gross .
the beans were nasty .
not the refried beans im used to .
also , idk what it was but something on there was really mushy .
i gave the plate back and they did n't charge me for it .
sauce was gross , etc .
i 'm not going to come back .
the sauce was the worst thing i 've ever eaten .
this place makes taco bell look like a _num_ star gourmet restaurant .
it 's a nice comfy atmosphere and friendly staff the food is just horrible .
the chips were even stale .
shame !
the only reason i gave them two stars is the price was reasonable .
other people in our party got other things which they did n't like .
this place has gone downhill in the past two years .
i 'm not good at cooking mexican food but probably could have done better .
it did n't feel clean .
just not a good experience .
not worth even _num_ star !
this place sucks .
not to mention the actual quality of the food is mediocre at best .
no value whatsoever .
forget about it as they ca n't deal with it .
the service here is awful !
no silverware on the tables when we arrived .
even then they could n't get it right .
the place was empty so they had no excuse .
at least their food is cheap and usually hot !
the service was really slow and the food was in really small portions .
it 's a crazy mixed up world out there , kids .
plus , they also fill up your tires .
i 'll leave the more expensive stuff to my ever so trustworthy mechanic .
no coolant at all and my engine is running hot .
my husband received a coupon via email for $ _num_ off an oil change .
we did n't even get an apology for this inconvenience .
these guys have officially lost two regular customers over this .
if i could give zero stars i would .
this is the worst place ever .
they do n't even deserve _num_ star .
i had to go to _num_ different mechanics to have it fixed .
avoid this place .
they tried to hustle my girlfriend for a $ _num_ dollar basic oil change .
they need new management or ownership in order to stay in business .
walked in with a $ _num_ oil change ( special ) coupon .
walked out spending $ _num_ .
workers there are trained to never let the customer leave without spending maximum money .
_num_ is expensive but did n't have a wait .
we will not be back what a ripoff the dealership is cheaper .
they charged me $ _num_ just for oil change labor which is a lot .
they did not get all the old fluid out .
i missed my class because of that .
do n't go to this place .
worst experience ever .
_num_ star because zero is n't an option .
totally ripped off .
_num_ bucks for the same oil change i get at the dealership for _num_ .
i will never use jiffy lube again .
i was grossed out by the shrimp in the fried rice .
i could smell my shrimp before it even entered my mouth .
no it was funky shrimp that was slightly slimy .
months later , i was asked by a coworker to have lunch .
i will never make that mistake again .
i probably wo n't visit golden egg roll again .
i 'm uninterested in giving this joint another shot , unfortunately .
there are too many other places to try .
not to mention , the owner is a complete bitch !
she is rude and i would never never recommend this place to anyone .
the sesame chicken is flavorful , but a bit on the dry side .
i really try to be understanding about food taking some time .
i am very willing to wait for quality food .
btw , what is it with chinese places and duck sauce ?
if you only get it when you order duck , fine .
very large portions , but also very pricey .
this place is pretty bad .
i got the orange chicken extra spicy and it was so bland .
nothing was in it is it looked and tasted like brown rice .
my wife purchased the chicken chow mein and she said it was terrible .
i live next door and i 'll never be going back .
not anymore .
no ice , but they only brought one drink .
so annoying .
thanks for the disappointment , golden egg roll .
and fried rice was very oily and with frozen veggies : ( .
egg rolls were like once i get from frozen packs .
i 'm not even sure where to begin .
i will not order from them again .
i also ordered chicken chow mein .
chinese corn , mushroom , the big peas .
no chow mein some other kind of mein .
chicken was normal .
the restrooms were n't kept clean enough .
they were one of the worst kept restrooms .
i could n't enjoy one of the important soccer matches .
online ordering is apparently a gamble .
they said i could wait another hour if i still wanted food .
i 'm never gon na eat at this location ever .
the food was cold and our drinks were flat .
the egg foo young is disgusting .
the service is not good either .
i called to let them know and they did not even care .
they just said we have not had anyone else tell us .
i have never been that sick in my life .
went here for lunch today to get mongolian beef .
to top it off , i paid for the dinner portion .
posting a picture for management to see how bad this was .
once i got my food it was obviously cold .
nearly asking for the hours was not enough .
when i walked in a gentleman doing nothing ignore me .
i lasted about another _num_ seconds before leaving .
i wo n't be back .
big mistake .
i finally walked up to them to see if they could assist me .
i would never recommend to anybody this office furniture store to do business .
again , horrible !
literally , the next day my hands were sore .
for me it was just ok .
went here for lunch and opened the place up at 11am .
chips were ordinary and the salsa was a bit watery for my taste .
the salsa and chips were the highlight .
the service here is poor .
the waitress was good enough -- she just did not have enough help .
the exception was the menudo , which my wife said was super excellent .
i am always checking mexican restaurants for the food and the heat .
the food was `` ok '' - nothing special .
the service on the other hand was horrible .
how no one walked out was beyond me .
if you want a larger , second basket , it costs $ _num_ .
they were really friendly though .
standard rice , standard beans .
so i wonder if maybe the cheese was n't kept at the proper temp .
thankfully , i did n't vomit .
i passed it by laying down for two hours .
it 's located on the left side further south .
the waitress seemed to be in a hurry and no one was smiling .
-the food quality was just ok .
the rice and beans were probably the best thing i ate there .
overall , i would n't jump to recommend this place to anyone .
just awful .
_num_ minutes later , she returned with a couple waters and took our order .
no rice , no beans .
there 's a taco bell down the street with a higher rating .
tried this place tonight because husband loves it .
i , however , did not like it .
food was gross .
my kids love it here but they only eat bean burritos .
it 's just mushy .
do n't waste your money here .
terrible food .
do n't bother .
you would be better off at chipotle .
very mediocre .
the beans are homemade so that was a plus .
was n't a fan of the fact that additional chips cost you .
guess it 's a good thing that the salsa was n't that good .
just not the salsa or chips .
glad i gave it a try , but probably wo n't be back .
it takes forever for them to take your order or bring your food out .
-the decor is awful !
the food was bad .
as in , my chile relleno tasted rotten .
i doubt the original owners cooked the way the family is now .
then the meat inside tasted and smelled like canned chicken .
it was not fresh at all and it had nothing but chicken in it .
third they are not at all kid friendly .
also the salsa is too spicy for kids to eat .
fourth and the worst thing was the carne asada .
it was cooked to the right consistency , but it was disgusting .
i tasted like they cooked it in ramen noodle packets .
even the salsa could n't help it .
overall i was disgusted .
there were _num_ of us and only two sets of silverware .
the food was very cheap , salty and poorly presented .
horrible .
overall a very poor place .
sat in bar as i travel often for work .
do n't believe the hype .
the service is horrible .
prices are fine but you get a better meal at taco bell .
not kidding .
it 's terrible .
no quality mexican places in tempe ... .
no big deal .
the waitress took my order but after _num_ minutes , no dinner .
left _num_ minutes later .
terrible service .
i probably wo n't be coming back .
do n't come here if you want mexican food go to filibertos .
it 's a little better than this place .
you wo n't feel rushed !
horrible .
no cheese or onions in either of our enchiladas .
it was literally a wrapped corn tortilla in `` sauce '' .
my taco was the only good part of my meal .
what the hell ?
so i am assuming they do n't make them in house .
got there there was a wait and the place was empty .
ceilings tiles are broken .
i felt bad not leaving him a tip .
but i ca n't continue tipping when the food is not that great .
i am not one to complain .
i eat in illegal backyard restaurants in la and lunch trucks in the streets .
sorry for bad review .
weeks went by , they never called so i stopped by .
if you need cleaning , find another cleaner .
they have lost my business over this and i would not recommend them .
and when i asked for a total , i was told $ _num_ .
the event i had to wear the dress for was that sunday !
i wo n't be back .
apparently she is their daughter and is being groomed to take over .
geez get over yourself buddy !
horrible customer service .
sent me away to get change .
horrible .
never go back .
if i could give them negative stars i would .
do not come to this business .
they may have given them to another customer .
wrong .
poor customer service , a mess of a business .
this gas station will not accept manufacturer coupons from the products that they sell .
let 's put it this way , general mills wo n't be too happy .
i hate to do this but this is ridiculous .
but i could n't remember what the charge was to do it .
horrible service !
strike _num_ i 'm a loyal always paying on time never late customer .
highly disappointed !
no problem , that 's a chance you take with rental equipment .
as the manager approached i opened the tank for her to see .
could not get any clerk in screw area to pay attention to me .
since i still had questions , don promised to return the call .
two hours passed without a phone call so i contacted the store again .
unfortunately , don had gone to lunch .
i left my call back number , again .
upon returning from lunch , don called , but he was rude .
immediately , i knew that don did n't want to extend our conversation .
is there a rating system for rip off and liars ?
they would be _num_ stars bad !
i was thinking minor work nothing major .
i 'm sure there was more but i was in complete shock sorry shock .
scare tactics is want brake masters is about .
very disappointed in this store .
i did n't understand it so i had our friend look at them .
my god , avoid this place if you care about your vehicle .
a few weeks later the radiator starts to leak !
these chain mechanics can and will rip you off and do bad work .
they have terrible customer service and very disrespectful people and a waste of money .
not very informative about what they do .
next stop : jiffy lube !
i was told originally that the job would take _num_ hours .
quoted $ _num_ more than what i paid .
they get a _num_ cuz they at least fixed the problem .
however , down the road a few blocks i could n't stop !
brake masters never even checked !
usually the guys check everything out and tell you what 's going bad etc .
do not go here and do not send your loved ones here .
i just bought a car they just repaired four days ago .
so i searched for a car with a/c .
apparently they too are aware of the quality of their work .
and no wonder people do n't want to try playing this game .
i felt like a guy in a ski mask trying to buy cigarettes .
like i was asking him to do my taxes .
please , i would like to know .
i 'm going to order pizza because i 'm too lazy to cook .
i will never return to this store .
the store owner was unfriendly and did n't seem to have good people skills .
she was n't really interested in engaging in conversation about the games .
i have received under cooked fried foods , and some dishes are overly spicy .
worst customer service i have ever experienced at an arby 's .
mountain dew sucked though .
sat in the drive thru for a good ten minutes waiting for my food .
girl that took our order was n't very friendly either .
floor outside men 's room was wet and i slipped , nearly falling .
did n't tell anyone to clean up .
one horrible order i had ever made !
she ruined my day .
i was not impressed with the sandwich i got from here .
my sandwich had onions , tomatoes , and bacon on it .
soggy , falling apart and flavorless .
it was lukewarm and dry !
they 're doing some remodeling , but no excuse !
even the bathroom was worse than a ghetto gas station .
i will not be returning to this location .
food does not taste good ... has a plastic aftertaste , overpriced .
it took about _num_ minutes to get my to go order .
in fact , i would n't eat anyone 's baby . )
the food was n't terrible .
ca n't follow instructions .
it does n't mean ignore me and fix it the way you want .
this place is clearly not interested in any further business from me .
i would not recommend this location .
they claimed that the driver would n't answer their phone .
unfortunately , my order was completely wrong when i ordered my sandwich to go .
good thing i 'm not vegetarian !
it does n't taste bad and service is ok .
if you are looking something convenient , this might be a good place .
so sad for me and lack of a pickle .
they ended up correctly it , just annoying .
our cashier was extremely rude she send bother just bye our present .
was not friendly at all .
not worth the calories .
i was not impressed with my salad .
it just bummed me out .
this is not the store for me .
it just struck me as an empty place that is gathering dust .
maybe if i was a fish person i 'd be more excited here .
i will not be returning .
i just do n't trust them .
this is unfortunate .
the problem is the customer service is usually terrible .
the other three times , it was so bad , i give up .
during the three poor visits , no one offered to help .
it was n't like the store was busy .
the the help you get there is terrible .
the ironic thing is that these employees seem to really know fish well .
it did n't surprise me .
bottom line , i wish this store was better .
unless i have some special need , i will be shopping elsewhere .
such a fool i am , duh ?
i will not be returning .
for the next week , everything in the store is _num_ % off .
i waited nearly and hour and not a single employee even acknowledged my existence .
it 's chipped more and more , and this is _num_ days in .
no thanks , see you later somewhere else .
i 'm not going back here .
skip it .
i wo n't be coming back .
i do n't have time to keep getting my nails fixed .
the bad news ?
it bothered me but none of my friends seemed to notice .
basically : this is the worst mani/pedi i 've ever received .
as nice as they are - i wo n't be back .
never will i ever give this place another chance .
i 'm a server .
and that has never happened before .
he was so rude to me .
he tossed my wallet and keys over on the other table like nothing .
worst salon ever .
just because its cheap dont do it .
there 's other salons that only charge _num_ bucks more for way better service .
horrible gel polish job !
then she tried to blame it on my `` dry cuticles '' .
unbelievable .
i 'm going to have to hide my hands .
i was shocked and told her that was far too short .
ugh .
the shape at first was all bad .
so awkward .
she said they were dry and sent me on my way .
they were not dry .
horrible way to spend a tuesday afternoon .
he asked me what color i wanted , i said french in the gel .
as he was doing my nails , it all seemed fine .
it was just a complete mess .
and while he was saying it he caught the worst attitude ever .
my advice to you guys is to never go to this nail salon .
this place is a nightmare !
it 's awful .
out of principle i will never return there .
she quoted me $ _num_ and charged me $ _num_ each .
it would n't let me give no stars ... .
terrible place , ripped me off multiple times .
said they fixed the same problem twice and merely reset the computer .
i wish i could give this place zero stars .
it 's a legitimate scam .
this used to be my favorite place .
no more weekly stops here for me .
bad first impression .
uh , yeah , this place .
on the second visit , the attitude seemed to change .
maybe we were mistaken , but their attitude seemed really strange .
no explanation , no courtesy , just no .
nothing special about them .
$ _num_ for a pedicure .
i wish there was an option for zero stars .
this place was so disgusting that we packed up and left .
what 's a `` bed tax '' ?
entrance light so dim you ca n't see in the closet .
_num_ ) housekeeping staff were pleasant and working hard .
cooks and some of the staff looked burnt out like the bacon bits !
they upgraded the tv 's , but not the tv signal .
so even the good stations do n't look good .
my flight was cancelled and i was given a room here for free .
the staff was busy and trying to be efficient and we were tired .
our room was dark and dingy even with all of the lights on .
there was no way to comfortably sleep on it .
the mattress fell through the frame .
she went back over there and asked if she could search the shuttle .
upon check in , i was told breakfast was not included .
the manager would n't even come out to talk to me .
apparently the driver never went back to get him .
so , my husband ended up taking a cab to the hotel .
i do not understand why they would n't do this .
end result is that they literally kicked him out of the hotel .
the cab ride home cost us over $ _num_ .
we stayed for one night and it was a last minute decision .
the staff did n't seem to care much which showed in the little details .
i would rather stay at a motel _num_ .
this is a large facility with major conference facilities attached .
the airport shuttle was slow .
he did n't even report a loss light cap .
never returning again .
that is an absolute joke !
needless to say , i will never go back to this shop again .
i wish i could give them less than one star .
do n't bother to go through their website for coupons or deals .
this place is terrible .
you never actually get seen at your appointment time .
they skipped me for some obnoxious woman who had a later appointment .
the receptionist did not look at me .
she was rude to other patients too .
are you kidding me ?
i made another appointment but probably wo n't keep it .
sorry , docs .
get your act together and maybe your patients will be content .
i had my appointment and then my husband had his three weeks later .
seems a little shady to me .
but be sure they do before you let them do your exam .
now , this is foam and vinyl not brain surgery .
this is business _num_ .
i wo n't be back .
i was overall disappointed with the quality of the work during the visit .
nothing would make me happier than finding good indian food in the phoenix area .
unfortunately , that has n't happened yet .
seriously , two bucks each for a little thing of rice with our entrees .
about 10-15 minutes passed with no sign of our coffee .
not overly impressed .
also , i ordered my entree mild to medium .
hate when they mess that up !
my quest for indian food in the valley continues .
popped in just after noon , its not busy .
i request a booth and decide on the buffet .
i cut open the first piece of chicken and it was uncooked .
now , we all like tuna , sushi style .
i asked for my check , paid it and left .
good thing because the food poisoning may have been worse ... avoid !
i do n't know why this place has such rave reviews !
one of the worst places i visited recently !
what the hell !
gross .
the only vegetables included potatoes and an occasional pea .
what a horrible experience !
also everyone else in my party who ordered the buffet was disappointed .
six patrons plus me ... all very unhappy .
the food was just ok , though not remarkable .
what was truly terrible was the service and the ambience .
the server was rude and only checked on us once .
i chose this place , and everyone was unhappy .
food was also wasted , which i do n't feel good about .
what a disappointment !
a shady place .
i went on a saturday night and the place was empty .
the food was horrible .
the place was nice looking though .
why would n't anyone have said that when i ordered it ?
i 'll tell you why ... cause they do n't care .
neither do i anymore .
apparently they do n't need the patrons money anymore .
the cashier was very friendly and asked if i was ready .
that 's okay , not interested .
still no .
will not be returning to this location and possibly rei entirely .
beware of terrible service .
bad attitude .
would not honor rei 's return policy .
she has horrible customer service skills .
he said no because the discounts can not be used on sale items .
i finished the transaction not wanting to argue .
it is too bad i will do business elsewhere in the future .
i do not want to do business where i encounter such attitudes .
everyone there is much nicer , in my opinion .
no `` hello '' or `` can i help you find something ? ''
prices were out of this world high .
last mechanic to see it was rei tech .
asked to put them on anyways because the bike was big for him .
overall , i would rather go to walmart .
and it comes with the free freak show with `` everyday low prices '' .
customer service is not what it used to be in this particular rei store .
i had to return something and i was met with a very rude cashier .
i ca n't understand why a member would not use their membership number .
i have a list of things i need for my upcoming trip .
not even one hello or acknowledgement of my existence from the staff .
my issue is n't with the local rei , but with rei in general .
their shipping policy sucks , to put it lightly .
a store with no return policy without receipt ?
called corporate and they said oh , well your stuck with it .
he brought out some trail shoes for me to try on .
i did try them , neither worked for me .
how about the extra cash i spent to get it quickly the first time ?
ended up having to pay another $ _num_ for a new bottle .
guess , being a member does n't amount for much anymore .
it is not broken or wear out , and i only used it once .
i just do not need it for now .
i do not want to lie in order to return it .
so i have no choice but keep it .
the service here leaves a lot to be desired .
it seems like it 's becoming a trend at this location .
there 's plenty of other places where to spend my money .
just left rei and had the worst experience .
rod the manager is so rude and offensive .
i wo n't be back .
im honestly wondering if i went to the wrong place .
why does it seem like all nail places do this ?
i got white tips and im not too impressed .
i went there because of the high reviews on yelp .
just a top gel coat ?
not that long of a procedure .
he took off the mess he made and i left .
ya dunno .
however , the quality of the acrylic work is n't good .
the tips would break even before i needed a fill .
i picked out my color and the guy started my manicure .
overall , i would n't return .
sometimes you only have one chance to make a good first impression .
this place was awful .
worst mistake ever .
false advertising much ?
worst quality ever .
this was the worst nail experience i 've ever had .
i sat and waited there for another _num_ minutes .
she never said anything to me , though .
do not go to this place !
no biggie .
it was pretty painful and definitely drew blood .
no apology .
very unprofessional and i will never be back .
the first nail salon i have been to that i would not recommend .
unfortunately , i had a really terrible experience at this salon .
she then proceeded to turn to her coworkers and very obviously talk about me .
it was the most appalling customer service i have ever seen .
my friend was serviced by a different gentleman and did not have any problems .
i am never going back .
i have been here a handful of times for gel manicure and pedicure .
the gel manicures do not last .
i asked the lady to fix it , she did n't see anything wrong .
terrible !
the shape of the nails was also poorly done .
uneven all over .
my sister 's nails also turned out very weird .
the color also looked bad .
uneven color and chunky in some places .
my nails turned out the worst .
he did n't have me soak my hands at all .
it was an overall painful experience .
he was barely apologetic in fear i would demand my money back .
it was really depressing .
i also must warn you that the ventilation in this salon is awful .
just got a gel french manicure and unfortunately the look is not sharp .
lol this place !
too many nail places around here .
would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy !
this place deserves zero stars .
today is the worst !
i am never coming here again !
i even gave them a second chance .
no massage even though we paid for it .
she was too nice to say anything .
by the way , we waited _num_ minutes when they said _num_ upon arrival .
worst experience ever !
big mistake !
i would never recommend this place to anyone not even my worst enemy .
spare yourself avoid this nail shop .
in the process , she ruined her manicure and took that off too .
$ _num_ wasted .
they gave me their # _num_ pedicure on the menu which is $ _num_ .
i paid $ _num_ more for this groupon than if i just walked in .
it was a rip off .
do not get your eyebrows done here !
however , i will never do any of there other services .
i have used lincoln to service my garage door since the early _num_ 's .
mama 's not happy !
instead , he blamed it on my garage door opener ?
he presented a bill for $ _num_ which included a $ _num_ service fee .
unfortunately , i was gone and my wife wrote him the check .
he then told me to `` use my brain . ''
rude and condescending is not a service i need to pay for .
he wanted to charge a $ _num_ service fee and do nothing .
next time i may have to check into somebody else .
very rude !
i would give zero stars if i could .
i find this unacceptable .
sales person was rude and would n't let me try a costume .
horrible service .
my family received terrible service today while shopping for birthday party supplies .
the girls working were terribly rude and not helpful at all .
honestly , it was one of the worst customer service experiences we 've had .
it felt to me as though i was not welcome there .
your order will not be taken ! ''
bartenders are supposed to be nice , for god 's sake .
i 'm not real anxious about coming back .
the owner is also a drunken mess and her friends are absolutely annoying .
use to be a good place , now it is nasty !
i ca n't deny that .
$ _num_ drafts and $ _num_ wells .
however that bar itself does n't have much else to offer .
i was disappointed in the place ... its all very obvious .
just , no .
pathetic .
i 've been meaning to leave a review for a while .
at least my teeth wo n't move . ''
once we established that i wanted the mess fixed , he set to work .
still awful .
worst dentist i 've ever went to .
they told me i would be better off somewhere else .
compete waste of my time .
what kind of consultation just looks at teeth without any x-rays ?
but no , i know how you work .
i was shocked and angry .
even your dental location is a trashy looking place .
even your teeth did n't look that great .
so if anyone wants their time wasted ?
i gave this place _num_ star because that is what it really is .
go elsewhere for your dental needs .
this place is dark , dingy and def a dive .
other than that , do n't bother .
it was hot outside , so it would be a nice break , right ?
well _num_ minutes later there is no sight of our waitress and no drinks .
another friend was trying to order and she completely ignored him .
i wo n't be going back .
june _num_ , _num_ : normally this place has pretty good food .
no luck .
i ca n't imagine going back again .
no too bad .
update : urine and sewage smell has gone away .
cheap bar food and beer .
be very careful with this company for your storage needs .
they can raise your rent on your unit without notice .
they of course fail to mention this when you sign the paper work .
wo n't be using their facilities .
which apparently offended him as a chef ... or something .
it 's crap .
maybe _num_ if i 'm feeling generous .
the whole thing was just way too overbearing to be cozy at all .
it was not like this _num_ years ago though , makes me sad .
personally there are much better options in tempe .
i ordered chicken salad stuffed tomato .
it came out a ham and swiss with turkey on slightly toasted sourdough .
would have preferred a croissant or bagel .
unfortunately , aside from the jam food was unimpressive .
the coffee was good and sadly the best thing i ate was the toast .
my girlfriend and i did not feel the least bit welcomed .
food was mediocre .
the whole thing looked unprofessional and we were very uncomfortable .
do not go here if you are in a hurry !
not stoked .
i seriously doubt the stylist i saw even had any training .
she had no idea what she was doing .
quality service is terrible .
four hours late when i came back my project looked terrible .
when i said it was n't acceptable , they said it was my fault .
she did not want to help at all .
the copy center staff is rude except for alma .
i called on friday for an update .
huge waste of time and gas dealing with these people .
my buddy mike and i went here the night before thanksgiving .
ahhh ... the smell of cleaning fluids .
i had the chicken marsala , mike ordered the chicken lasagne .
nothing wrong with them ... just lackluster and boring .
but lackluster and without remarkable flavor or texture .
when we spoke thanksgiving morning , he sounded to be in bad shape .
completely disappointed in my meal - but i did n't get physically ill .
when the food arrived _num_ minutes later , i wished i had left !
it would be too poorly executed to exist .
will you stop eating crap just because of nostalgia ?
trying to pick up a pizza and you 're a young female ?
service was friendly enough , but that 's not going to save this place .
the sauce tasted like it was tomato paste straight out of a can .
there was very little mozzarella or ricotta cheese in my lasagna .
it smelled like sewage and industrial cleaners .
i will not be returning to this location .
generally , a consistent disappointment !
salad not near the quality of freshness and ingredients of phx .
overcooked , like we got the bottom of the kettle !
even the garlic toast was meh !
i just sent the following message through their website .
not sincere , did not look me in the eye .
why not an offer to discount the one wrong topping ?
it 's going to be a long weekend of sausage .
employees saw us there and just ignored us and kept going about their business .
we were all hungry and this was totally unacceptable .
_num_ years ago red devil was bomb .
_num_ straight trash .
the poor quality began the moment we walked in the door .
then , we have a _num_ month old .
i was totally looking forward to it.
so so gross .
i was totally looking forward to it.
so so gross .
management is incompetent .
my pizza was soggy .
the beer is dirt cheap .
awful service , awful food .
as for the food ... we had chicken alfredo and a pizza .
the alfredo sauce was ridiculously salty and the noodles undercooked .
the pizza was lukewarm when it arrived .
the crust was insanely chewy to the point of making your jaw hurt .
the only good thing about the meal was the ranch dressing .
did n't know this place was here .
first off the location is n't the cleanest .
looks run down .
weird and unpleasant .
needs to be open and would like to quickly survey the place .
this place is outdated big time .
looks like a bad _num_ 's hotel carpet .
tried chili and that was a mistake .
was not good .
the spaghetti was ok.
if i come back it will be to try the pizza .
but ca n't see that happening .
no words !
wrong !
granted , she apologized and i did n't make a fuss .
she said she would not charge for the soup and brought a new cup .
the soup was bland to say the least .
the bottom of the pizza towards the center was totally uncooked and soggy .
he ate the chicken and left everything else also .
this was perhaps one of my worst restaurant experiences ever .
to that end , i just visited this dry cleaners again .
he then said i was making him look bad again .
he says they do , i probably did n't tell them .
in frustrating , i said `` jesus !
i was told that many people smelled it and could n't smell anything wrong .
not impressed .
the place had a stale odor when we walked in .
no such luck .
i can not agree with lauren v .
it just made me sick !
needless to say , i purchased my tires elsewhere .
i do n't want to spend another penny at that place .
i 'm used to _num_ % and up .
ripoff !
uh huh , bad rotors , whatever .
seriously , this place sucks .
total rip off !
avoid this place at all costs .
they 're not .
not so much buddy .
$ _num_ my ass .
just go to discount tires .
shame on me for thinking i could write these jerks a good review .
no sir .
transmission flush not a good idea .
big o tire tempe , you are the worst .
total rip off !
they told me over the phone that it would cost about $ _num_ .
if they needed to replace the rotors , it would be another $ _num_ .
i 'd rather give no stars , but oh well .
about _num_ months ago , got a flat and got it easily replaced .
about a month later another tire had a leak .
so we now have a rim key that does n't even fit .
such a waste of time for something i had a warranty on .
all i went there for was an oil change , that was all .
i was n't exactly happy with this response and demanded that something be done .
after the second starter was supposedly installed the sound still never went away .
at this point im better off writing it as a loss and moving on .
i wish i would have read the reviews before coming here .
wtf were you doing for _num_ 1/2 hours then ?
i thought my tire was going to fall off .
which is dangerous and can really mess up my two week old tires .
i said hell no you lied to me .
he tried to pull a fast one and it did not work .
this place is terrible .
bad service all around .
do n't ever go here for anything !
its terrible !
avoid this place !
worst place ever !
and i only got an oil change .
this big o is shady do n't deal with them .
i bought _num_ tires _num_ months ago with tire protection plan .
this is where i get pissed !
i would not buy a warranty unless everything was said to be covered .
_num_ to mount my tire on the rim .
my car was n't even there i saved them time and no discount .
i leave after paying the money and my girlfriend gets pissed call them .
not a drop of oil spilled .
zero stars .
spread the word , this place has the worst customer service .
no stars !
idiots !
customer service is seriously lacking .
rather than providing free or discounted parts , they put it all on me .
this place is horrible .
it took them _num_ hours to do this .
these guys are idiots , i do not recommend anyone go to this shop .
this place is horrible !
bad customer service !
i 've been to better places in south phoenix than here .
they have screwed me over twice already .
if i could give them _num_ stars i would .
jeremy was ride and had no interest in helping me .
what a horrible experience .
sold her a no name brand tire , one tire , for $ _num_ !
just because she is young and did n't know what questions to ask .
apparently big o tires does n't care about customers or business .
that 's not how you handle customer service properly .
it still does n't give you the right to be rude .
that 's not a way to keep business .
unfortunately i had two dishonest situations .
too bad i ca n't go back anymore .
an additional quote of $ _num_ was offered for replacing the tires .
big o tried to scam me out of nearly $ _num_ .
obviously i will not be going back .
i was told by midas that i dont need brakes and even showed me .
this big o is crap in my opinion .
i wo n't be back .
after an inspection , they told her she might need some repairs .
awful service here .
f this place .
do n't waste your time at this dump .
so , i lost money on the first one and almost the second .
i wish their system would not fail me .
things got particularly bad when i moved out .
first off , no , maria .
not cool .
do n't you be talking to me about a final notice .
i did n't even get a second or third notice .
fourth , let 's talk about this ridiculous fee .
just no .
it 's not really my problem .
it 's yours that became mine , is n't it ?
three days later , no response .
in which case , i should 've been the one to get paid .
ugh .
yelpers , there are lots of other places to live in tempe .
terrible customer service !
its a huge ordeal !
well , she did the most terrible job !
i have not yet received an email .
but then when my lease was up is when all hell broke lose .
are you kidding me ?
and the front staff would not be any more rude .
no explanation or apology -- and they had my contact information .
lived here recently , _num_ years .
the walls were paper thin .
trucks loaded and slammed doors in the middle of the night .
the gym was small with no air , and they charged for it .
i quit going due to the smell of body odor .
i also had a horrible odor in my kitchen drain .
i did n't dump grease , and i rarely ever cook .
this was the worst place i 've lived in tempe .
it 's difficult to turn left across broadway at morning rush hour .
so i they `` so called '' went out and fixed everything .
i get home from work the shower handles and everything still look utterly disgusting .
this is by far my worst living experience ever !
we were n't even ten minutes late and the office closed in _num_ minutes .
she was very rude and talked down to us .
i went there with valley king and we spoke with jasmine .
i would never have applied had she told me the truth .
suddenly , i had to pay an additional deposit .
so , i gave them $ _num_ to hold the apartment .
that was very , very difficult .
my move in date is may _num_ .
do not trust these people .
they were so condescending !
do n't walk , to anywhere but here !
if i could just give less that _num_ star i would .
seriously this place is hell .
just showed up and they were not done .
a week and they 're not done ?
i asked for a refund and walked out .
really disappointing .
you had my number , could have called .
i 'm only off on wednesdays to run these errands .
but make sure that dollar is cash so i can pay for my drink .
this place is gross and now haunted .
the lighting is awful , and the bartender was a huge bitch once .
i 'm giving it _num_ stars , because they serve alcohol .
i 'm all about dive bars , but this one just kind of sucked .
the bartender was n't at all friendly or interested in helping us .
the decorations were weird , even for christmas .
the place had no special feeling whatsoever , so i wo n't go back .
my whole group left after _num_ round .
first the ordering of our food was confusing .
i 'm not done yet .
this annoyed him , obviously .
they do n't have the spicy mustard at their own condiment station ?
i said , it 's not all here yet .
she started over and came up with a second total , also wrong .
but not worth driving out to ted 's and having cash ready for them .
and this is not one of them .
sorry , folks , that 's the truth .
i 've held off on reviewing this place for awhile now .
like i said , the hot dog was extremely average .
nothing different than you would get off of a typical hot dog vendor .
the patty was too thin and it just was n't that good .
they took my order , made my food , and nothing more .
a little annoying for a first timer customer .
it gave me the runs and i will never go back !
ted 's dogs are passable , their brats are just poor .
the fries are awful .
what a terrible hot dog and brat .
chili dog was just bad and so was the brat that my husband ordered .
everything about ted 's is mediocre .
i had a hot dog , fries , and a vanilla malt .
the prices are n't that good either .
i do n't know what people see in this place .
it does n't live up to the hype .
just a hot dog .
is n't it time ted stepped up to the 21st century ?
all in all , we were not impressed .
cook line is slow .
overall they are not cheap for what you get .
never been impressed by this place despite eating here a half dozen times .
bun was slightly stale and hard .
chili dog was average .
chili was below average .
diet dr pepper was more soda water than dr pepper .
but then again , maybe i just do n't get it .
_num_ was n't a choice , but _num_ is to high .
i 've had the chili in the past and it is pretty disappointing .
sorry , ted .
stop charging for refills , ted 's .
especially chili dogs .
we were disappointed .
the dogs themselves sure did look good when they were being cooked .
but the four of us all gave them thumbs down for flavor .
very bland .
not even salt .
my chili sauce was the worst i have ever had .
but we will not be back .
ridiculous .
the chili they put on my dog lacked meat and flavor .
also , it was kind of dirty inside and the cashier was rude .
this review has nothing to do with the food , only the service .
just be a little more clear next time , ok ?
i would hate to see more food get wasted .
low quality , tasteless hot dog .
the onion rings were decent though .
the service is just horrible .
i threw out most of my food , honestly .
gross .
for _num_ bucks , i would expect more .
not a fan .
maybe i did not get the right thing .
never again ... .
i also tried the white and polish sausages that other family members were eating .
this was really disappointing , especially after the positive yelp reviews .
the charred beef jumbo hot dog i ate was okay .
the last time i was here was _num_ years ago .
i would always get the white hot .
what happened ted 's the white hot 's used to be amazing .
kept hearing about this place so tried it .
every week , i try a new restaurant .
today work was extremely slow , and i found myself on broadway .
first and foremost i 'll begin with this ; the service was lacking .
having been in the restaurant business for many years , my expectations are high .
upon walking in , ( 9:30 pm ) , i 'm not greeted .
the menu said it was $ _num_ .
she then said i can have whatever i want .
ok ... forget it .
they charge $ _num_ per refill .
add tax to the bill and my total came out to nearly $ _num_ .
the onion rings were tasty and diet dr. pepper is always a plus .
i was not thrilled with this ted 's experience .
you can get lots of things that are n't awful .
anywho , this time around , the onion rings were n't even cooked through .
i ordered a veggie dog , which i 've had before and is vegetarian .
not going to be coming back to ted 's .
big disappointment .
nothing special here .
no new england style buns .
a cheap potato bun does n't cut it .
i wanted my dog boiled and charred , again they do n't do this .
service was slow , not friendly and they seemed rather irritated i asked question .
they must not be that hungry for money .
any case , if you are from new england be prepared to be disappointed .
i got chili and it was disgusting .
it was full of grease .
ugh .
the hot dog my man had was nothing great .
first off the food was ok nothing to write home about .
unfortunately , it did not even come close to my high expectations .
my mistake .
and the dog just took over my thoughts anyway .
the mac and cheese was also disappointing .
no flavor : - ( no punch .
i came in tonight after _num_ years of loving out of state .
my onion rings are awful .
service was the worst thing i have ever seen .
they never put my dog even on the grill .
overpriced and overcrowded for no reason .
loyal ted 's customer for _num_ years .
the re cook was raw and undercooked , dangerous when dealing with pork .
if we were first timers , we would never go back .
i never seen six people behind the counter get nothing accomplished .
i doubt this old establishment will stay in business .
oh and the food that use to be good not so much .
my hotdog was just burnt and not cooked all the way through .
the onion rings and fries were a bag of grease .
right from the get go i was a little let down .
there was a line that was fairly long , not outrageous but fairly long .
i had a chili cheese dog that barely even rivals a dog from qt .
i typically use arizona import specialists in tempe , az .
it is common practice to test something that has been fixed .
horrible horrible horrible !
i started to read off the different signs and she said , oh !
let 's try rice king ... ummm ... sure i said .
straight out the 80s .
i could n't take it !
the cashier was friendly , which earned them another star .
i really try to support local business and really tried to like this place .
i even went a few times , thinking the next time would be better .
i really , really wanted to like this place .
after my last experience , i wo n't go back .
it 's crappy .
stop leaving your trash ( menus ) all over my house and property !
your food is crap and always will be crap .
dead serious .
quite possibly the worst chinese food experience of my life .
do not eat here should be the only sign on their door .
but the eggs rolls were mostly roll ... i mean wtf !
the food was bad i didnt like anything .
i feel like i got robbed .
i am telling the hotel not to recommend this place to any other guests .
i am thirsty , unhappy , and still hungry .
i put a _num_ dollar deposit down for reasons beyond me .
( do n't put a deposit down on anything .
cost $ _num_ and took _num_ hour .
do n't put a deposit down .
the worst place i 've ever been to .
i 've worked directly with larry , the owner , in the past .
i 'm so irritated that i do n't even want to deal with it .
worst dry cleaning service ever !
not worth saving money by only paying $ _num_ per item .
i do not recommend taking your dry cleaning here !
i showed them all the problem areas yet nothing changed .
either way , i picked up my tie today and it was basically ruined .
all items smell badly when picked up , like a strange , musty garage .
, though they were brand new .
ridiculous .
the workers could n't find my item .
unfortunately , my experience only became worse from here .
very low budget dry cleaner .
one of my shirts came back with a gummy substance on the collar .
not acceptable !
most dry cleaners put those tags through the recommended wash tag etc .
i will definitely not be going back here .
worst place for dry cleaning and laundry .
horrible service .
after _num_ weeks , i went back in and asked what the status was .
if i were you , i 'd go anywhere but here .
when i asked them for a partial refund , they refused .
worst experience at this cleaners and i will never go back !
never going back and it 's a shame because i live close !
i miss when it was fun to go here , not cool .
pee .
the service was okay but geez the place smells like pee .
will never go here and i advise you do n't either .
bought top of the line exterior paint and started to fade after _num_ years .
warranty is for _num_ ( ! )
no integrity .
store is empty .
no wait at home depot .
( keep in mind that our house is _num_ years old . )
the wait on sunday , however was _num_ hours and _num_ minutes .
when we were finally called she was taken first and then i was taken .
then she stuck her fingers into the back of my neck and head .
save your $ _num_ and get a pedicure instead .
no one knows where my paper work is .
who the hell runs this school ?
the waiting room is a sad sad sight .
not my name .
i immediately get a bad feeling but i shake it off .
nothing odd there right ?
it was really bad .
in my case it was a miss .
i was told 20-30 minutes which actually turned into _num_ 1/2 hours .
i know what you 're thinking why did n't i just leave ?
i asked how long and he said about _num_ hours .
this law firm does not deserve even the single star i have provided !
long story ... short version ... .
this firm contacted me in regards to my hoa payments .
i sent out a check for that month .
worst service i 've had in years .
the place is nice but totally not worth it .
we went in for valentine 's breakfast , there were _num_ of us .
very bad .
$ _num_ and change is way too much for a breakfast buffet .
the service left a lot to be desired as well .
the only friendliness from the staff was when we were leaving .
it 's not worth it at all .
cause the alternative is one boring salad choice .
not good .
there is no way that food is worth what they charge .
i do n't normally in my reviews cause i think it 's tacky .
but this review could not have been true to itself without these appropriate words .
i ca n't believe i tipped that jerk .
do n't waste your money on the food !
probably wo n't go back .
buffalo chicken was like mcdonald 's chicken nuggets .
terrible and inexperienced service .
slow poor service .
there are other places with views -- i will not go here again .
it was n't bad , but , i expected more .
you can see almost all of phx from that spot !
not in my humble opinion .
too dark and loud .
some tables have very poor views .
will not eat there again .
the view was better than the food and service .
i could n't even taste the steak .
that steak cost $ _num_ .
mediocre .
the rest was so unremarkable its not worth writing about .
just bland and boring .
oh , and the wine list is weak .
i was very disappointed .
my boyfriend took me here for our anniversary and we will never go back .
it 's too bad .
they will never see me step foot in this horrible place again .
service was beyond slow .
salads , not main course .
no apology , nothing .
_num_ star for the view as it is awesome .
the price for that kind if service is not worth it .
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .
never , never , never !
what a gigantic disappointment !
believe the bad reviews here .
i am a marriott platinum member and have been for years .
this is the worst i have ever eaten at a marriott .
just stay away .
let 's get right to it , the food was awful .
the chicken was cold and overcooked ( each lady took two bites ) .
sure he visited every other table , but of course not ours .
wasted memories .
i wish i had more , but i do n't .
the restaurant was small , bland and felt like my grandma 's basement .
my free beer was their citrus beer .
they had a very limited selection of draft , so i tried something new .
big mistake .
it tasted like they squeezed a lemon into a glass of pbr .
it was n't worth it .
service was terrible .
except the guy filling waters and cleaning plates .
he was on point , and was the only saving grace .
if you want to eat good food , go elsewhere .
wow one of the worst .
first of all , ordered wine and they brought the wrong kind .
the salmon was raw , my steak was tough .
this place is awful .
one guy walked over at the end and asked me how things were .
he said , he did not want to hear them all .
my husband 's pasta was inedible .
i 'm a vegetarian so that was really my only option for an entree .
the entree was pathetic !
my cocktail was tasty , no complaints there .
this restaurant is sadly disappointing .
the tiny bite of crab meat in the filets did not taste fresh .
for the money was expecting the wow factor and did n't get it .
main course was cold and bland .
disappointed over all .
would n't recommend or go there again .
brought me the wrong entree .
i suggest looking at the whole menu and then asking them to substitute sides .
more like just another restaurant attached to a hotel .
for a $ _num_ bill ( before tip ) , we had higher expectations .
and although everyone was friendly , the service was slow .
an education of the waitstaff would be helpful .
other parts of the country may be not mind slower service .
the dessert was the worst .
the guacamole was pretty mediocre .
the chips were stale and the guac was mixed well .
the signature bistro steak was so bland .
it was like eating a piece of leather with no seasoning .
i would n't recommend this place if ur trying to take a date here .
i would n't recommend this place .
better spend ur money elsewhere .
everything tasted bland , no distinct flavor that stood out .
i will say your paying for the view because this is horrible !
but we were put in booth without a view .
service was poor !
the food was good but a little to salty and to much ala carte !
disappointing !
sunset view was _num_ star .
everything else was a _num_ .
cold .
it was a very sad looking plate .
got some fries on the side too , not great .
$ _num_ for what appeared to not even be a whole potato .
the menu did n't have a huge variety .
ate here again last night and it was disappointing .
too bad - because it 's pricey .
service was slow .
but the food was bland , overpriced and just sad .
my $ _num_ steak looked so small and sad .
i 've had better steaks for a way less price .
plus no sides unless you want to pay for them ?
got the $ _num_ fries that were soggy and no seasoning on anything .
it was ok but no big deal .
we would have appreciated some more seafood options and pasta options .
menu had only two fish options , the trout and the black bass .
i opted for the $ _num_ hamburger that amy suggested .
we also each ordered the house salad for an additional $ _num_ .
her veggies were burnt so badly she did n't eat them .
took one bite and it tasted very badly burnt .
i was surprised that a resort could be so mediocre .
yesterday i had to kill some small flying thing .
this was a little confusing when i first came here .
i 've never had an experience this bad at any hotel .
it was late , i was tired .
anyhow , he fixes the ac , and off i go .
please , do n't stay here .
i booked a room with a king size bed .
my colleague and i went out to dinner .
and did not have another room to move me to .
dude , it 's _num_ .
not worth it .
i have stayed in many _num_ star resorts , this is a joke !
the complimentary breakfast tasted like leftovers from last nights dinner service !
avoid it at all costs .
you 've been warned .
the downside was communication amongst employees was awful !
there was nothing wrong with my ac !
for this fabulous hotel i would 've expected better customer service .
i probably wo n't be back .
our room smelled like chemical and the windows ca n't be opened .
it 's a shame that such a beautiful hotel is so horribly run .
key to room failed .
waited 30+ minutes to get assistance .
for a marriott , this place sure did disappoint .
terrible experience from the moment we pulled up to register .
the room looked run down and cheap .
at least on a low setting ?
she was clueless .
needless to say , yes , they do have wifi .
seriously , _num_ stars only for the beautiful mountain and nothing else .
would give this shit place zero stars if possible .
worst customer service ever , people are rude and inconsiderate .
i was thinking relaxation ... umm no .
since i was supposed to stay another night , i called the front desk .
he called me and let me know , and i called the hotel .
this was unacceptable .
he was very unprofessional and rude .
he spoke in a condescending tone to my father and i .
and a discount to _num_ a night hardly seems like a fix to me .
seems a little backwards to me !
the communication among the front desk staff was ridiculous .
i did not stay at this hotel .
i find marriott 's lack of customer service appalling .
this is not acceptable behavior .
unfortunately , the room did not allow that .
classic bad business : under delivering after over promising .
the grand just a few miles away seems like a much better option .
_num_ reasons i did n't enjoy my _num_ star hotel .
otherwise this would just be another hotel in the desert .
_num_ : the cold breakfast .
and the hash browns were to die for , literally .
the fire alarm actually went off while i was typing this review .
my first time there i ca n't say if i would stay again .
i had eggs benedict ... which i thought was terrible .
that seems like a lot for a mediocre ( at best ) breakfast .
finally around 11:00 am they checked out never to be heard again .
all in all ... we were very disappointed .
that is unacceptable !
upon entering the pool our bags were searched for alcohol .
anytime the pool manager walked by our area , our bags were searched again .
it was a waste of money .
needless to say i wo n't be returning .
spend your hard earned money elsewhere .
on more than one occasion our service and treatment was beyond terrible .
we probably would have been treated better staying at a motel _num_ !
on the bright side , the spa was fabulous .
i had an _num_ minute massage that rocked my world .
overall , however , i was pretty underwhelmed by this resort .
lunch was slow .
service was dreadful .
not just slow , but wrong .
ugh .
my food , a pizza , was not great .
wow no help and rude .
if i could give zero stars i would .
graciously offered to refund me _num_ % - $ _num_ !
typical reaction of a giant company against one customer .
i live in tempe , so i did n't stay here .
besides the awesome pools , the amenities were surely lacking .
so i gave my cell to when a room was available .
my room is still not ready !
_num_ hours wasted time .
someone was smoking pot heavily .
if you value customer service do n't stay here .
food service around pool could offer better options .
there is nothing around the resort though .
i kinda felt like i was stuck there .
there are better resorts to stay at but they are in scottsdale .
beautiful setting but horrible service especially at the pool .
first day we stayed here they shut down pool for dust storm .
then he demanded my charge card .
contacted the resort , manager was not interested in discussing .
contacted local police & could not file due to not bring in az .
beware , will never return to this resort .
this hotel staff is awful .
there are many better places to stay which will cost less .
this hotel staff is awful .
first , if you are a non smoker , you will hate it here .
second , the pool area is a nightmare .
someone is clearly not doing their job .
front desk help was somewhat rude and short with responses .
maybe a bad day , who knows .
sad to see really .
we will not be back .
this is not really a resort `` per se '' .
it is a low end hotel with a couple of nice features .
i was changed an extra $ _num_ after i checked out for no reason .
the girl at the front desk said she would leave champagne and strawberries complimentary .
i 'm beyond annoyed .
so hopefully with review i can save you guys from future bad decisions .
if i could give them _num_ stars i would .
very bad !
pathetic !
do n't stay there , that is ridiculous .
had we been told , we would not have booked here .
as they just do n't care .
room was not ready on time , smelled like smoke .
staff not willing to make things right without having to force issue .
angel games were great , front staff should be trained or fired .
it was very unpleasant .
it was n't anything special .
the pools are okay , to many brats by the volleyball pool area .
the food was okay , the ceviche appetizer is all watered down .
the room was clean just small .
there were several in our room which made us leave right away .
to bad there is not a less than one star .
the customer service is not there .
this is stupid .
problem is still there .
once you fix the problem correctly i will make this is a _num_ star .
_num_ months and twelve days later the door jumped it 's tracks .
so i missed work to run home to be there .
they have horrible service and do not take ownership of anything .
lack of attention to detail .
relocated from wisconsin to studio _num_ in tempe , az .
first encounter upon check-in was not good .
the staff needs major upgrade on customer service skills .
first off i guess it 's a decent room minus the dirty toilet seat .
their fish and produce was gross !
when changing a radiator hose on my own , i opened my radiator .
i was referred to this place by a friend actually .
my air conditioner in my car was not blowing .
i wrote a previous review but for some reason it 's not here .
do n't waste your time ... ick !
below par chinese msg .
nearly all of the trays on the buffet were empty .
the white rice was hard and cold .
i feel like i must have gone to the wrong place .
the only good part was the corn tortillas and they were n't even great .
everyday , how are we supposed to get breakfast before work , ridiculous .
so i will never stop here again .
oh , and the dining room is way too small .
after _num_ minutes , i asked to speak with his supervisor .
avoid at all costs .
no more !
that is information the average person would not know .
i would not recommend this floral shop .
horrible !
paid $ _num_ for a few ok roses and some other flowers ?
well big mistake !
surprisingly they agree to sell the car exactly at $ _num_ .
but this is not .
that is just wrong and dishonest , completely disrespectful to buyers .
i then showed up home to find out they did n't rotate the tires .
worst of all they did n't bother to explain why .
a day later , it is leaking again , worse than it was before .
i have called and left messages and no one returns my calls .
very bad experience .
but the other set is really bad .
moreover , it seems that they have n't even read my complaint correctly .
tempe acura is _num_ miles away from my place .
acura of tempe service department are rip off artists !
will never do business with this dealership again .
my mechanic found only one thing on their laundry list of `` problems . ''
i paid $ _num_ less because i was a new client .
this was just like any other pedicure i had gotten anywhere else .
it was the manicure that changed my whole experience .
this was n't the worst part .
yes ... it gets worse .
that night i sat down to watch tv and my fingers started hurting .
it was weird because they never felt this way after a manicure before .
i was wrong ... they hurt even more .
i purchased and called her for an appointment for my mom and myself .
my pedicure is done in about _num_ minutes .
she rushed through the entire pedicure like you would not believe .
from the start she was not very friendly .
food is ok , but nothing to write home about .
not that you can send an email on the slow wifi .
i was the only customer in the store and there were _num_ employees !
the things they sale are over priced period .
if you 're looking to buy , go to big _num_ .
worst customer service .
the person `` helping '' us acted disinterested and bored .
she did n't do the same thing this time though .
that is not a trim .
there is nothing that can be fixed .
if you want to keep your hair long , stay away .
so , we shopped , got our groceries and returned at about 6pm .
unless all that you will be doing is sleeping and want something cheap !
this hotel is disgusting .
the room stinks as well .
i do n't really write reviews , this hotel sucks !
first night chair is broken and it smelt soo bad !
$ _num_ for _num_ nights ?
if i could give less then a star for this hotel i would .
the main reason is due to the poor customer service from the front desk .
she took her precious time assisting our group of _num_ .
the stay other wise was so-so ... .
i checked in on monday night no problem .
tuesday , woke up to crawling things and red bites all over me .
went to the front desk and showed him my bite marks .
he checked me into another room and i did n't have any problems .
which does n't make any sense .
also , the complimentary breakfast was a joke .
there were only waffles and cereal .
place could be better for what they charge decor and tv 's are outdated .
the breakfast was gross .
horrible .
the carpets are filthy everything , kitchen cabinet , furniture looks old and worn .
not worth the $ _num_ we paid .
then _num_ hours later we realized the air wasnt working .
this place is disgusting .
i feel dirty for even walking in the room .
i should have come on yelp before booking through hotels.com .
they gave it a _num_ star .
this place is disgusting !
and you will never get a refund if you try .
they are such a rip off !
hated it !
unacceptable .
no thanks !
no no no .
you did n't bother telling anyone ?
go to arizona hotel and pool is out of order .
and do n't tell me i 'm the first to experience this .
the rooms were small and outdated and barely clean .
also electrical problem started happening and the lights kept turning on and off .
the pool was shut down by the county .
old cereal , no juice , and make your own waffles .
did i ever leave disappointed .
also , the room had a few bugs that were found within the bathroom .
not good .
dude , get over yourself .
not a good experience staying here .
he told me i had to go to register _num_ , too .
a less honest man would 've just left but not me .
the cashier was very slow .
i mean , they get paid to do that !
nor was the cashier in any way friendly when i checked out .
no wonder this place has such bad reviews .
life is too short .
so i gave this one a try .
hey , we can get these free smells at almost any walmart .
cheap prices and everything you could ever want to purchase all in one place !
having said that , this walmart 's layout is pretty bad .
sadly , there are other walmart locations that are better .
i have been in other locations that are cleaner and run more efficiently .
my cart does n't roll straight .
i 'm not surprised .
there are no baskets , just carts .
fifty cent clearance plastic margarita glasses .
they 've never checked my receipt at the exit .
patrons leave their carts at the bus stop .
hardly any selection on halloween make up .
one star for lack of open registers .
i even tried to bring a cooler bag with ice packs .
the problem is the store .
it sucks giving this location one star because i really do like walmart .
i came here one night just for some shampoo and conditioner .
i have shopped here on many occasions .
disgusting !
i mean , i get it , it 's walmart .
they 're gross in general .
horribly run store .
i drive the extra _num_ miles to go to a different one .
if i could give zero stars i would .
the real problem came when she needed to get her supervisor for approval .
after calling him twice and waiting twenty minutes , he arrived !
did not offer any apologies , any suggestions , any help .
just no .
no apologies .
just walked away .
i am thoroughly disappointed and extremely angry .
never again will i step foot in that store .
horrible service !
seriously sketchy .
there are never any open registers .
the produce is disgusting .
terrible , slow customer service .
they even manage to make site to store an extremely unpleasant experience .
it 's dirty , it smells and apparently they do n't have any cashiers .
grapes .
and every day , there is a force of security guards on duty .
only reason it gets _num_ star is because i have to give it one .
this walmart is ridiculous .
there are hardly any cashiers available .
how can you only staff _num_ cashier on a sunday afternoon .
nasty lady .
extremely terrible customer service waited _num_ minutes to get help on a vacuum .
worst walmart in town .
frustrated i just left and said id come to the one closer to home .
you ca n't even trust your customers ?
poorly managed .
i had to yell back that i 'm not going there .
so annoyed .
no apology .
the people working there were all standing in a circle doing nothing .
the worst retail store i 've ever been to in my entire life .
it would have been faster to go to the regular lanes .
always end up waiting _num_ minutes plus .
that is not a good thing by the way .
this place however has earned it .
worst wal-mart in arizona .
they always have crap all over the place .
no no dear , do n't worry your pretty little head about it .
for supplies and repairs we pay a few hundred every month .
i did n't realize it before it was too late .
employee was not !
how rude !
i am not going back another visit .
this was my first visit here .
they ended up looking ok , but sloppy .
i also had a gel manicure and paid extra for the hand massage .
i will not be back , ever .
upon my return to tempe , i went back to cobblestone .
i stopped by because my regular salon was booked .
the girl broke one of my nails and did horrible job on my cuticles .
my french mani looks like i did it at home and it 's peeling .
the owner said it would be about a _num_ minute wait .
i asked him why he told me it would only be _num_ minutes .
it was so disappointing that he did n't apologize .
he did n't care if i stayed or left .
he has terrible customer service , and i will never be back !
he never said that it would be an hour wait and to come back .
he merely threw his hands up in the air and brushed me off .
the woman told me $ _num_ .
$ _num_ for a pedicure ?
it actually costs $ _num_ for a basic pedicure .
she was not friendly .
on the other hand , tina had very bad customer service .
she was so rude !
my nails ended up horrible !
too bad i ca n't rate it _num_ stars !
maybe my last experience was a fluke .
-- -- -- they never run through your file !
but no one called me on monday .
-- -- however no one called me back .
and they will send it to me before _num_ .
i still respect heather sending them to me so late after their business hours .
i 've usually had good experiences here , _num_ % of the time .
last time they fell on their face for me .
poor service is the rule and not the exception here .
insisted that this model could be oriented any of the four directions .
would not recommend them for anything !
never missed a payment .
also , they have started charging all kinds of hidden fees .
they took $ just for using my card too much wtf ?
do you really want these guys taking your money for using it ?
they refused saying that we could not afford the loan .
yet another bank that just flat out sucks !
nobody fucking cares !
i was left in waiting room for _num_ hours .
meanwhile , the doctor & the staffs chatting ; laughing outside the waiting room .
i walked in there at 11am , out at 3pm .
she then left us alone for more than _num_ minutes .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
i would not go back to this place , even though it is close .
it looks run down when you walk in , for starters .
i told the nurse that i had been sick for over a week .
i said no again .
unbelievable .
this is the worst urgent care i have ever stepped foot in .
she was still rude and unhelpful .
normal waiting time later we went back to a room again and waited more .
which is n't terrible but the experience was less than pleasant .
the worst medical facility ever !
unless you are mexican , be advised you will be treated like shit beware !
very poor service and did not get treated for the pain i was having .
would never go back to the urgent care again .
my complaint is with the strange wait times .
in the waiting room when i arrived , there were _num_ patients .
i am not sure i 'll ever return to this particular urgent care .
i will never use another pure fitness gym again .
i would see the trainer about _num_ to _num_ times a week .
you may or may not have the same trainer each time .
i canceled my membership at that point .
only they sell new furniture instead of used cars .
my husband and i went in here last week to look at beds .
i said to my husband , `` i do n't think we have time .
she is being rude '' .
not even going to mention the lack of service .
wow , was she rude !
she did n't bat an eye as i started to get frustrated .
apparently they have so much business that losing a customer is no biggie .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs .
there were so many furniture store in the area , i quickly left .
do n't waste your time .
now we we are out of warranty so no way to fix .
what a waste of $ _num_ !
highly disappointed and will never go back .
i will also leave a negative review online .
terrible shopping experience , but relaxing waiting in the comfortable chairs for that long .
worst service i have ever seen .
because the idiot salesman did n't put the new address in the system .
so fed up with stupid useless companies that ca n't get it right !
ruined the whole nice sectional experience for us .
this location was extremely disappointing .
walked in the door and we were n't greeted at all .
walked around for _num_ minutes , still not greeted .
maybe they should train their employees not to ignore potential buyers .
they said because there is not stuffing showing they will not cover it .
the protection plan is a rip off .
i should have followed my gut and not bought from this store .
most of the stuff is cheap .
very painful !
i am so incredibly disappointed in your lack of customer service .
i do not feel valued and will not be a repeat customer .
worth it considering low prices they give you on furniture .
stay far away from this place .
you would be better off taking your vehicle literally anywhere else .
incompetent and unprofessional .
i went over to pick up the car and decide what to do .
supposedly he was n't there .
he just try to bs his way around without answering .
he refused to even consider it .
as i went into to pay , the attendant was a very strange person .
i kept it simple - _num_ on pump _num_ .
frankly , it was late , probably near 11:30 pm .
my husband , son and i were super tired .
she was not as helpful as i thought .
spent a lot of money and should have been very satisfied .
i was running behind and asked if they could be rushed .
she was very helpful and we settled on a nice design and product .
my order was completely wrong .
i was sadly mistaken .
apparently i was n't going to drop enough money to get much attention .
it does not work again .
the fact is they just did n't want to honor their coupon .
the coupon was just to get customers in the door .
not until today when i got _num_ phone calls which is _num_ minutes apart .
i am annoyed and irritated .
that 's the reason why i am writing this review .
do not make a mistake like i did .
big mistake .
i do n't know why everyone gives them _num_ stars .
dead wrong .
the 2nd time i went , they cheated me out of $ _num_ .
these guys are the kind of place your dad warned you about .
but apparently they did not have a chance to do so .
total quote : $ _num_ .
so i pay for the oil change and get out of there .
just had a pair of jeans hemmed here .
the job was quick , but mediocre .
will not be back .
no big deal .
it was only _num_ am .
she did n't do anything but spend thirty seconds .
i should 've run then but thought i was being overly picky .
this is not the place .
i showed her my receipt and she showed me hers .
she wrote over the _num_ with a _num_ !
she said she could n't figure out if it was a _num_ or _num_ .
bad business !
would not recommend this place to an enemy .
after _num_ times of going here they still did n't have the tires correct .
he showed me personally all the things this location messed up .
avoid this location at all costs !
the most recent encounter here has convinced me to never come back .
took my car here because i had a flat tire .
the guy at the counter said it could n't be fixed .
this is n't the doctors office it 's tires .
no respect for repeat customers or their time .
my coworker and i stopped there got lunch yesterday .
ugh .
this is one of the worst places i 've been to .
could n't wait to get home .
i could n't believe it was possible for a place to suck this bad .
but it is n't .
this place is a huge mess .
but i ca n't do it .
words hardly exist to describe our experience at this place .
man oh man do i wish i could give negative stars .
this place was a disaster !
they even charge an entrance fee .
not my type of place i admit .
too bad too , and management does n't care .
too bad it never came !
so we were late , ... and there was n't a crowd here .
the restaurant was not busy , and not even half full .
very unappealing .
we just will not be coming back .
my wife 's food was cold .
i asked for cheese ravioli with non meat sauce .
i do n't know how much i trust the chef there .
mixing serving spoons between meat and non meat items , is not ok imo .
vegetarian check your plates .
i wish there were - starts .
this place is the rudest place i 've been .
( there were open tables all over the restaurant ) .
( really ppl , it 's arizona ) .
danny 's was a _num_ star car wash _num_ years ago !
in the past several years i 've had countless bad experiences .
for $ _num_ , i felt like i wasted my boss 's money .
the outside looked better , but not better enough to account for $ _num_ .
this is n't a danny 's family car wash .
has n't been for _num_ years .
was confusing .
according to another gym member , it had been broken for a few days .
front desk girl does n't acknowledge you when she checks you in .
does n't even look in your direction .
bad customer service really gets under my skin .
for the last several years , i have regularly attended this location .
she was down right rude to me .
one star , only because no star is n't an option .
the lady at the front desk is unprofessional and made me feel uncomfortable .
she had the worst attitude .
besides that , it was so hot and stuffy in there .
rude staff .
general manager is super rude .
leave me alone and just let me work out .
i felt bad because it was his birthday .
he said he would have someone from sales contact me .
total waste of time .
if i could rate this dealer it would be zero stars !
very disorganized and incompetent could n't answer any questions i had .
seriously this guy had little to no experience in car sales .
i am just completely disgusted and would never refer anyone to this dealer .
glad i did my homework .
slow to get your car back for oil change .
been going there for _num_ years and always had a same problem .
now my truck warranty is over and i am done .
i would never recommend this car dealership to anyone .
this dealership continues to display it 's lack of customer service .
no one knew what `` specials '' erin was talking about .
it was one bad situation after another .
the salesman i was handed off to , was great .
the whole experience was a waste of time .
unfortunately , the service department has taken a turn for the worst .
i rated this dealership _num_ stars when i purchased my car .
he could not find anything wrong with the car .
meanwhile , i requested a written estimate from george over the phone .
he said he would email it to me .
one day went by ... no email .
i emailed george and left a voicemail requesting the estimate again .
i got my car back from my mechanic , no repairs were needed .
they choose wrong and guess what ?
the problem was never fixed !
the representative said the car will be ready by the time i get there .
save your time and let other dealer around valley make the money .
the service department does not deserve even one star !
i scheduled an oil change and tire rotation .
im not done here.
they did not even have a rental car available for me to use meanwhile .
his behavior was very rude and unprofessional !
i wish i could give negative stars !
initial scan for engine trouble codes and written estimate for repairs '' .
they hand wrote the _num_ codes on a sticky pad .
how could they mess that up ?
worn tires can pop , popped tires can send a car out of control .
that was n't the problem .
as in did n't bite .
but did not like or know she was going to touch him .
i was seconds away from walking out .
thus , i will not return after 10+ years as a patient .
they refused to give me a refund on the blood test .
not great business practices and they did n't even seem to care about it !
just really not impressed and i would recommend you not come here .
i heard people talk about this place at work a lot .
it is not .
this is shady horrific .
but for fried pickles they still were n't the best .
i ordered some chili and it was ok .
the food was n't very good and neither was the service .
we wo n't be going back .
they cater to the regulars over _num_ .
started playing a game and realized that it was dead quiet .
not my choice in spending a friday night .
the bathrooms are dirty and need an update .
waste of my time !
however , this particular one pissed me off today .
it was disgusting .
i just had a terrible first experience here .
what business does n't have a pen ?
some of the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
by far the worst bagel shop in town .
what good is a breakfast shop that is out of food before breakfast .
this is absolutely the most disgusting place i 've been in !
floors are disgusting as well .
on one visit , they gave me my food but forgot my drink .
after that , it took almost _num_ minutes to make a mixed coffee drink .
the other employee was making some food and also did not notice me waiting .
no one was there .
soon , i guess , meant another five minutes .
my biggest complaints are the lack of cleanliness and the overall condition .
gross !
my biggest complaint has come after i cancelled my membership .
i 'm happy with my new gym '' is n't getting through !
completely frustrating .
tonight was no different , as far as the crowd .
but i pay for a membership and expect the place to be kept clean .
i was very disappointed tonight .
do n't work with ppl if you do not like the public .
they have very poor service .
i cancelled my membership after _num_ days , well within the _num_ day window .
horrible and non caring `` customer service '' .
horrible experience !
this was the worst , ever !
but so far i have been extremely disappointed with it .
my biggest complaint is that their group fitness classes are insanely crowded .
i sent the letter and it appeared the matter was over .
they also say that they need _num_ days notice to cancel .
in total they have stolen $ _num_ from me and my family .
what a disappointment !
there are other clubs that are way better to accommodate you without the hustle .
ugh go away !
we frequent this gym after hours to avoid the crowds .
towels are rough , torn and stained .
annoying .
no televisions on the cardio equipment .
the _num_ day challenge is a joke .
i have been trying to get my money back with no luck .
time to drag a crying toddler out of the pool .
ruined my time i set aside from my very busy schedule .
makes me a little nervous about auto pay .
they will try to keep your account open to charge you more .
recently its become really run down , dirty , crowded and over priced .
sad considering how nice it was when we joined .
locker rooms are filthy , towels , although maybe washed seem years old .
not worth the price at all .
nickel and dime you to death , stay away !
the sales people here seem like they are right off the car lot !
the nickel and dining is the worst .
i asked them to take care of this , they would not .
just cancelled my membership .
i have little ones who take swim lessons .
it made my kids uncomfortable .
i address it with staff numerous of times and nothing .
i paid $ _num_ per month to hold my prices at _num_ levels .
a mistake , no doubt .
yes _num_ percent discount !
all this nonsense for $ _num_ ?
avoid at all costs .
they were unprofessional , dirty and in then end i am not happy .
awful , awful , awful !
she has someone else paint them without doing anything else .
ugly !
terrible service !
i asked them to stop and i let them know it was rude !
the whole experience was a nightmare !
other customers were laughing at me !
these people are beyond rude !
they did a terrible job .
they did n't even last a week .
it literally took her like _num_ mins to put them on .
so disappointed !
that was _num_ to _num_ weeks ago and no call back .
bank of america as a whole sucks .
_num_ days from today .
_num_ bus .
not here .
they are ridiculously slow .
i 've been to this subway almost every week for three years .
predictable .
very typical subway .
all the previous employees are gone , replaced with idiots .
they really are dumb .
service is now painfully slow .
avoid until the change management again .
they fired their manager ( deserved ) , but apparently have no plan .
the poor kid today , he was the only worker there all day .
i have to assume the franchise owners are just terrible .
stay away from this location if you really want subway .
it again comes down to being too much effort .
the tuna did n't taste fresh .
its just not my kind of food .
my money was on mexican food , but i was wrong .
i am not even sure .
i do n't even remember it .
i have no idea who goes to this restaurant .
and i am thinking - $ _num_ could n't go too wrong .
however , the vegetables were fresh and tender and the potato slices tender .
the bread is hot but nothing to rave over .
the first course is a trio of pastas , each with their own sauce .
it was a little overcooked , but the best thing i had .
underneath , the chicken was dry and overdone .
i on the other hand got the worst cut of my life .
it did seem clean , i 'll give them that .
i would not recommend this salon .
it was kind of bland .
i wanted to like it , but i just did not like the food .
if you are not expecting a lot you might like it better .
big mistake .
this was n't that type of experience .
the salon is also outdated and lots of older clientele .
its not exactly for the younger ( under _num_ ) crowd .
i provided this feedback and after a week , i have heard nothing .
at that point , i just wanted to leave .
`` just for me '' my foot .
i did not have a scheduled apt , just tried to schedule one .
i just wish to share with the yelp community how i was treated .
stopped here on a road trip from phoenix to tucson .
: ( so disappointed .
wish we had n't missed the two qt 's before this one .
but they mess up on our order almost every other time .
looks like we 'll be sticking with pizza hut .
was told _num_ to _num_ min .
cold .
this is a terrible dominos location .
i have no idea why it would get any five star reviews .
undercooked pizza crust is unpleasant .
has been much better but is much further away from us .
horrible !
i tried to call and order a pizza right now on .
absolutely horrible experience .
they do n't even carry the drum heads i use .
i always use them when i play jazz . ''
their pro audio section is the least pro i 've seen .
poor mic selection too .
why you may ask ?
but $ _num_ ?
there were dozens , all in the $ _num_ price range .
every used guitar there is at best $ _num_ cheaper than the new model .
_num_ years of theft is long enough !
store seemed small and cramped and the music selection leaves everything to be desired .
it was sad .
there were no individual songs and even the amount of books was small also .
do n't get me wrong -- i have no problem with this individual location .
i did n't make it that far .
but i can tell you that the parent operation is questionable .
i 'd rather give my business to a more ethical operation .
if zero stars were a choice that is what i would give them .
i wo n't be back .
crappy customer service !
no greeting , no help .
passed 4-5 employees , nothing .
thinking of buying elsewhere , online , spend my money some where else .
same thing goes for a lot of other gear .
horrible safeway !
honestly i do n't even know where to start with these people lol .
i even asked her what she was doing and she would not reply .
this safeway is n't worth your time or money !
this store never has enough cashiers .
fail .
my first trip here in a while was breakfast time .
they asked me to pull in front to wait on my hash browns .
_num_ minutes later i had my food .
but not this place .
the quality of the food seems to be going down , fast .
wo n't be going here very often .
too bad , cause i used to like their breakfast .
so disgusting .
on today 's visit was told it 's _num_ cents per ranch .
i ordered a double cheese plain .
guess the pickles ketchup and mustard is not worth quarter .
shame you charge _num_ cents per ranch , at _num_ .
dollars a case profit ... kinda ridiculous .
the fries were bland with no salt but still crunchy .
the meat didnt taste like meat .
it was weird .
first of all , i would give no stars .
service was horrible .
she was rude and inconsiderate .
our experience with this store has not been positive .
so she tried to adjust the price .
told me i could not pay by credit card only cash or check .
are you kidding me ?
no one asked how i was or said hello .
the tech took me to a waiting room .
she did not explain what was going on .
the room was below zero i lay on a bed with nothing over me .
she was with zero professional communication .
i just do n't understand it .
because `` meh , i 've experienced better '' is exactly what i think .
not , a-ok .
but i never received a call from them for scheduling .
the ladies up front however , were not so much .
do not use this place if you expect any level of normal customer service .
and do n't expect your report to get to your doctor before your appointment .
still waiting to be seen _num_ minutes after my scheduled appointment time .
just no .
the nails look terrible .
i was told _num_ $ but he changed it to _num_ .
it was terrible , painful , and a waste of money .
i think i 'll go to salon _num_ or tip and toes nails .
cheap ?
otherwise , i would look elsewhere .
anywho , we come in and request for helen .
overall , this place is a hit or miss for me .
am i willing to return to take that risk again ?
also not to mention this was all done on a holiday .
you have lost my business for good .
so after being a loyal customer my time has come with this place .
then my last set _num_ of my nails are crooked !
i was recently in a car accident on a hot _num_ degree day .
heidi answered again but could not give me any information .
very disappointed .
no bueno .
i will not be returning to this vet ever again .
well i should n't have even gone here .
my big problem ?
not the same , not great .
look , chain restaurants limit choice .
we should know better than to go in one .
training , training , training .
we were n't happy .
thus , the _num_ stars .
if i could get away with no stars i would .
my family and i went there , all six of us .
there would have been absolutely no room for food !
it was terrible .
um , why was n't that done to begin with ?
do n't waste your time or money !
not so .
the chicken alfredo was ok but the other two dishes were horrible .
the chicken was totally dry , even the marsala sauce did n't help .
sadly , i have given up on this restaurant .
i would not waste your time going here .
server was nice , just really slow .
took ridiculous long for everything ( they were not that busy ) .
worst take out service ever .
was told `` _num_ to _num_ minutes '' .
she said `` no sir , it 's on the house '' .
in that _num_ minutes , i drove to the location .
sure enough , we left feeling sick to our stomachs .
no complaints .
but everything else was poor .
the salad and soup were just okay .
the breadsticks -- so disappointing .
it 's so hard to explain , but they were gross .
it is not chicken , i swear to you .
waste of money , and now our stomachs feel gross .
we did n't expect much , but this is just sad .
a manager came up immediately said told the waitress to leave our table .
he was oh sorry & walked away .
everyone in the room was staring , shaking their heads .
the food came out cold though .
corporate refused to resolve this issue stating `` customer can deal with it '' .
witnessed one gentleman send his plate back .
sat patiently for _num_ minutes or more without being acknowledged .
i have got to remember to stop going there .
i wo n't go back again .
switching plates from ca to az has been a long nightmare .
vehicle has been parked due to a bad transmission i just got fixed .
i need this handled before 8pm .
bad business .
i 'm really bummed , yelpers .
but should n't all of that be a given ?
the crispy noodles were stale and tasted of used oil .
we did n't even bother with the frozen yogurt .
it 's horrible . ''
no fair , yc 's .
no fair .
and old vegetable and only _num_ or _num_ choices ... all gross .
i want my _num_ dollars back ( for _num_ people ) !
we selected our sauces and turned it over to the grill .
i selected no rice as they were all old and burnt to the pan .
i chose the hot and sour soup because it is ma favorite .
sat down to eat , was not impressed .
suffice to say , i do not recommend .
this place really is n't bad .
it just is n't great .
that 's way too large of an increase for just one year .
it is now $ _num_ to eat dinner here .
even the lunch prices are outrageous , $ _num_ for one trip .
we stopped coming in awhile ago just because of the prices .
vegetarians fyi , there is seafood stock in the yc 's own sauce .
i used to love yc 's and went frequently .
i went yesterday and first of all was totally put off by the price !
or maybe be allowed to use a second bowl for the noodles or something .
sorry yc 's this is the end of our relationship .
ok , i really wanted to give this place _num_ or _num_ stars .
one of them has severe peanut and seafood allergies .
and play dumb like you do n't understand them ! ''
beyond inappropriate and dangerous !
_num_ ) it 's close to my house .
probably one of the worst tasting food places i have ever had .
i loaded my bowl up with steak and chicken with a lot of veggies .
waste of money .
i never get my sauce game right , it 's drowning my noodles .
for the two of us it was about _num_ dollars .
now remember this is not a buffet .
you can not stack the food higher than a certain point .
that is why there are two sizes .
they told me it will be _num_ cents .
excuse me ?
for the amount i had would have only cost about _num_ dollars .
your solution is that i should pay for the bowls in the beginning ?
i will not pay for to go bowls .
you are not a buffet .
it 's insulting .
the ambiance is very ordinary and they could definitely do better job with it .
they didnt ask me for a spice level when they took my order .
i found the food bland for my taste .
the food is alright nothing out of the ordinary .
i do n't even know where to begin ... .
that was annoying .
horrible .
uh , no .
but the food was just ok.
we wo n't be going back and suggest you try somewhere else .
it 's not very good .
i give the product _num_ stars , but the staff only _num_ star .
would have tried it if they did n't only accept cash as payment .
long wait at times though very frustrating .
nope , not anymore !
that 's half the reason why this place rocks !
by this point i 'm pretty upset , not gon na lie .
what the hell dude ?
every time we go here it gets worse and worse .
dirty , rude employees , and less and less flavor .
worst location !
service was slow , and the place is n't clean .
trash outside was overflowing and there were flies everywhere !
we wo n't be going back .
terrible customer service .
he argued with me and looked at his watch and said i have _num_ .
while i do love bahama bucks , i do n't like this location !
this location was a huge disappointment for my boyfriend and myself tonight .
but tonight ... tonight was awful !
but most importantly , i was extremely disappointed with my shaved ice .
but i still wish my shaved ice would have been what i was expecting .
i would definitely not recommend anyone coming to this location .
i think i waited like _num_ minutes last time .
not worth the wait for me .
soooo slow !
the person at the counter says , `` $ _num_ '' .
the soda , diet ( which i think tastes like feet ) .
ick .
for that , i am appreciative .
it 's filthy ; they 're slow .
this place gets my food wrong all the time .
i make the drive to another one because of the horrible food quality .
it was terrible .
every time i go here it 's an awful experience .
change ur dang grease !
disgusting !
unfortunately , my family will not eat at this chain again .
the employees also do n't seem very friendly .
no smiles anywhere .
i avoid this place as much as i can .
too many bad years to even put them at average .
crappy pedicures and poor customer service , but cute designs !
should n't that be included in a pedicure ?
gross .
my lip wax was also not executed correctly .
worst service ever .
when you first walk in it looks a little nicer then most salons .
but the service did n't match the decor .
the girl doing my pedicure looked like she was high on something .
then she took wax and was so sloppy about where she put it .
could n't wait to get out of there .
will not be back !
quality nails is not .
the techs rushed thru my pedi and fill .
she acts like doing my nails is a big pain in her ass .
they are so unprofessional here its unbelievable .
yet she treats me like scum .
i will be calling later today to make a formal complaint to lisa .
not quality nails !
very poor service .
lisa was so rude and did a horrible job doing my nails .
each time i go , i 'm more and more disappointed .
i will never return , for nails or any other treatments .
they looked horrible !
i could n't believe it !
they suck so just do n't even bother !
absolute worst gel manicure !
big mistake !
does she actually think i have not had my nails done for years ?
it was horribly uncomfortable and very unprofessional .
i was completely embarrassed as i took my visiting mother for a relaxing manicure .
they sent me a coupon with an add for an $ _num_ pedi .
i unfortunately did n't read the other reviews prior to going to this location .
i will not be returning ... .
ridiculous .
i 've gone here off and on over the last couple of years .
i will not be back .
the lady that did my nails was rude .
i refused because i was already upset .
avoid this place !
he trusted me , and ordered anyway .
they said they would not return because it was our fault .
_num_ minutes later we still did not have it .
we just ordered pizza and chicken wings from rosati 's , tempe .
the last pizza was horrible !
he was rude and sounded like a drunk from the hood ?
if we could give rosati 's a zero star we would !
our order was for pepperoni , pepperoni and olive , and their white pizza .
the white pizza was the worst .
my kids love pizza , neither of them would eat it .
as i am typing this i am still waiting on my pizza .
i do n't like this .
this is ridiculous .
what a waste of money !
the pizza should have been free !
i keep trying this place cuz the pizza is decent .
told me my pizza would be here in an hour it was n't .
_num_ hours and _num_ mins after i placed my order i called again .
wrong .
an hour and a half rolls around and we were both getting annoyed .
no door knock , no introduction , nothing .
overall i will not order from rosati 's again .
how do you rate a place that has been so bad for so long .
high prices for mediocre pizza and long wait times to boot .
they just raised their already high prices even higher .
nope ... never again .
could have spent half as much .
over two hours and $ _num_ + dollars later ?
until then shame on you for letting this type of customer service go on .
the problem we typically have are long delivery times .
when this happens our pizza shows up luke warm to cold .
wow is this not america where you have to honor the advertisement ?
even having your order pulled ahead of time does n't help .
terrible service .
my mechanic later noticed they gave me the wrong size .
they eventually settled on me paying the price difference for the right one .
food edible .
the staff there always seems tired and unhealthy .
it 's an empty building .
they really could care less to have you as a customer .
their mission statement really should n't say ... .
their mission statement is not at all how they treat their customers !
so today i ended my membership and will not be going back !
worst customer service ever !
i have never been this disrespected by a company .
terrible salon , terrible customer service .
well no one was there .
once my sessions are used i will not be back .
nothing special unless your going to the scottsdale location .
it 's a very generic americanized version of italian food .
it tastes very similar to the macaroni grill .
there was nothing authentic or homemade tasting about the sauce .
this restaurant has no passion or anything unique about it .
i wo n't go back .
the food was n't bad but it was bland .
to me that sounds divine but the taste was just lacking .
the service was attentive but assuming and flat , no personality .
the service and decor are mediocre .
my date had the veal marsala which was a stretch to call pedestrian .
but you ca n't mess up _num_ layer chocolate cake for dessert , right ?
wrong .
avoid this place .
this place was horrible !
the two person dinner deal was a good idea , but not well executed .
i really have no idea how this place has so many _num_ star reviews .
the food was bland , uninspired , and just not very good .
your sign out front said _num_ % off between 4pm and 6pm .
still no consideration .
and the food was n't even that good .
no warning on the menu about it !
sauce was n't spectacular though .
anyhow there was no wait and we were seated rather quickly .
this is where i have to complain .
ridiculous .
hubby and i ate here in march on a saturday night .
having said that , i had a seafood ravioli .
i ca n't remember what hubby ate .
we did n't get bread refilled .
the rosemary olive oil was nice though .
the negatives were in fact all of the food .
my husband 's osso bucco was edible , but seasoned oddly .
my veal piccata was an oily salt lick .
this experience was so disappointing !
the short of it - i wish we had n't .
the food , however , was a much different story .
i 'd rate it lower but the scale does n't have negative numbers .
months later we tried it again and it was even worse .
my entree was both cold and burned at the same time .
i know why , the other one is much better .
when the dish came , i did n't see any shrimp .
the dish had _num_ small clams , _num_ mussels and then the calamari .
the sauce was good but the dish tasted very fishy .
both were lacking salt .
it was also lacking in the taste department .
too bad , i love the idea of a locally owned business being successful .
it was so disappointing !
the family thought it was all terrible .
the pizza was soggy and just tasted of garlic .
one pasta dish was completely bland .
it just tasted like nothing .
which is why i find this confusing and upsetting .
i have had some dishes that were delicious , and some that were mediocre .
however , it seems like there is much room for improvement in the management .
i also believe the pasta was not homemade .
i could be wrong but to me it did not taste homemade at all .
it looked pretty but did not taste great .
she said it was ok , i tried it and it was very bland .
also the pasta did not taste homemade .
if we take both we will loose money .
there 's no wonder they do n't have business .
this place is so strange .
we went there and it was dead .
that should have been a warning .
food was bland .
way too expensive for bland food .
if it was n't for the service i would 've given it _num_ star .
service was poor as it seemed the bartender was a _num_ person show here .
waters came with black things floating around in them .
the entrees ( chicken parm ) were bland and very tough .
so i will never be back .
problem # _num_ : food is not as fresh as you 'd think .
problem # _num_ : the food came out wrong .
he rushed us to table , and out of restaurant .
in fact , he grabbed his tip before we finished our drinks and left .
if you want good italian food , keep searching .
if you want a good laugh , try to get the waiter i got .
terrible .
the service was non existent and the food was average at best .
basically breaded sole on top of linguini with mussels and clams .
my sister ordered the sausage and pepper risotto .
the risotto was completely undercooked .
also that the cook did n't want to mess it up again .
she chose the osso bucco which came with risotto .
no way .
unfortunately my meal was horrible .
there were _num_ tables in a row , that was it .
tony tells me he usually charges $ _num_ for that room .
terrible customer service !
all they did was put about _num_ tables together .
disappointing .
horrible customer service !
so so rude !
ca n't speak about the food- could n't get that far !
there is no need to add in the fee .
i would have left a good tip but now i will never go back .
even bad pizza is okay pizza , but it really was n't that great .
i dunno .
stupid .
boyfriend was our designated driver for the evening , so why the hell not ?
you ca n't beat $ _num_ drinks ( which were awesome .
so many things wrong with this place .
it 's karaoke , do n't take yourself so damn seriously !
this just is n't my kind of dive .
been there during the day and night and it 's depressing .
outdated television sets mixed with some flat screens .
they had your basic bar menu ; burgers , wings , and salads .
nothing to wow about it except it is what i expected to be .
they have karaoke during the evenings most every night .
this karaoke person is the worst we have ever experienced !
they were _num_ inches too short .
they fixed them , but then the did not hang right .
it 's an arby 's , food tastes like every other arby 's .
what the crap ?
they asked me to come back the next week .
so i continued to be sick for another two weeks .
she told me she would not charge me for the visit because of that .
however she set me up to come back for some blood work .
i waited _num_ minutes for lab work today before i asked to reschedule .
he `` was not a fan '' of them .
i went in for a physical in may , he gave me two refills .
i used one of them , and it just ran out last week .
like i said , i do n't use it often .
i am _num_ years old .
unnecessary .
i 'm going to find another doctor .
can i give zero stars ?
get ready to be treated like a transaction rather than a patient .
no one cares if there is an issue outside of their daily standard procedures .
it is sad , embarrassing , and extremely frustrating .
return to the basics and make a difference would be my advice to them .
thank you for your prompt response .
i just called my hr and was told my insurance has been corrected .
the billing staff is not helpful , rude and unprofessional .
we 'll start at the beginning .
i 'm not talking complicated stuff here either .
worst office ever !
they , are horrible in every sense of the word .
only reason i went here was for a dr .
however , each year they get worse .
someone i had recommend them to just told me he is dropping them .
this place is horrible at so many things .
it is quicker to go to a lab to get your blood taken .
i have had _num_ female doctors that i have seen at the practice leave .
they push , push , push , unnecessary tests and medications .
upsell , upsell , upsell at this place .
not cool , guys !
rude .
horrible people .
deeply disappointed with this practice and medical advice .
i do not recommend these people , particularly their pa 's .
do not recommend at all .
staff is rude and doctors are impersonal .
she was awful !
none of that was in the conversation .
i wish doc mike had better help .
for the record doc mike is great , they just need better management .
also ran blood tests not related to me at all .
went in on a monday , and the doctor wrote me a prescription .
so i take it there , and am told they will call me back .
do not use this place .
she was not able to help me but would have her manager call me .
do not give them your charge card !
i also was not impressed with a follow up meeting with my pa .
i still have not heard from anyone , even though i have asked .
horrible practice , that charge you with a bunch of fees .
do not go here , go somewhere else .
i asked for part of them exam to include a breast exam .
that 's when things got much worse .
i waited _num_ weeks before the office could see me again .
i finished the medication but was very ill still .
i went a mile down the road to an urgent care .
i am not pregnant , never been pregnant .
i was on hold for over _num_ minutes just to make an appointment .
the medication i take can only be written for _num_ month at a time .
she told me i would be given a call within _num_ hours .
do n't go if you 're looking for a real doctor !
friday morning , no calls , meanwhile he is not getting any better .
calls them _num_ hours later , same answer .
oh i 'm sorry , did i say `` diagnose '' ?
because we did n't actually get a diagnosis .
she said she could write him a prescription for antibiotics if he wants .
i 'm sure three times the normal price .
my fat cat gets better care than that !
this is a money making facility that does not care about its patients .
waste of everyone 's time .
avoid !
horrible office !
complete waste of time and i ended up late to work .
really makes me feel cared about .
i have cancelled all future appointments and will not be returning .
inexperienced rude staff .
the pa and medical assistant were terrible .
also the bathroom was filthy and the trash was overflowing in the room .
they just called me again today about my appointment in october .
when it came to paying i did n't have any cash .
uh huh ... i left and never returned and do n't plan on it .
i left very unhappy with my pedicure .
the customer service was just not good .
not going back .
got a pedicure and left extremely unhappy .
for starters , the place looks messy and unwelcoming .
she looked annoyed .
very low quality work and massage was mediocre at best .
clean when your customers are gone please ... my final star off for that .
still had to pay for the set and still left a tip .
not happy and wont return .
i am not a fan of the prices !
however i am unsure about the customer service .
i was definitely put off by that .
after a few weeks i did , this time i want a pedicure spa .
totally disappointed !
i am never going back !
i just can not tolerate such poor customer service .
i called _num_ places .
the first did n't answer their phones , so they lost my business .
he was n't rude , but he really was not friendly nor would smile .
it looked like he did this in a rush and was n't paying attention .
he did get me my purse when he said , so he was timely .
guess he has enough business to not worry about good customer service .
i was n't very impressed with the customer service .
, and could only find this woman to do it .
it 's worse than any other salon i 've been to .
according to other reviews , this is nothing new .
at that point , i knew i 'd never come back .
not worth the price for me .
what a messy place !
not worth my time .
well how wrong was my take on that .
the absolute no no in sushi is when the raw food is n't fresh .
be warned -- stay away !
the sushi was not good .
anyway , i felt that the food was mediocre .
could n't even taste what was inside .
the sushi was well , shall i say good but warm ?
the wait staff was very friendly .
first , the service was horrible .
not a great way to start my all-you-can-eat experience .
i also would not recommend any of my friends to eat here either .
we opted for soda , and we paid for soda .
it came with miso soup which was nice and hot , but no rice ?
maybe the other lunch specials are better , but this deal was horrible .
left hungry and felt cheated by the small portion size .
very slow service !
probably my first & last time here .
if you are gluten free , do not eat here !
he brought me the bottle and it was not gluten free !
i own a business and made the mistake of doing business with this company .
started off ok then each week got worse .
my kids hated going , it was always so loud and over crowded .
every week we would get home the homework they had been given was wrong .
i hate nothing more than seeing adults that cant say sorry .
did i mention my children are _num_ and _num_ years old .
i feel no need to stress them at such a young age about college .
even this renovated store is a disappointment .
it was after 11am and the sign indicated breakfast items and pizza .
it 's $ _num_ for generic brand .
but really , why would you put the sign out ?
my experience was underwhelming .
r they going out of business ?
a manager walked by , shrugged his shoulders and went into his office .
i spent $ _num_ that day and will never be back .
also their hand decorated cut out cookies were very thin and decorations looked horrible .
overall very disappointed .
i never realized they had so many zero calorie options on their menu .
you might say what taco bell has zero calorie options you are crazy .
i am sure some people just love it but not this person .
the food is tasteless and horrible .
it gives fast food a bad name .
real mexican food would beat up taco bell food if they crossed paths .
sorry taco bell .
this taco bell is terrible .
they have messed up my order _num_ times in a row .
needless to say they lost a customer last night .
taco bell has this weird aftertaste that i just could n't get over .
from now on , i 'm only getting veggie stuff there .
used the drive through for my son tonight .
we were already home when he noticed so we did n't take them back .
twice i 've been here and ice tea is has been empty .
the food does n't taste as good as others locations .
bad or non-existent flavors covered up by extra fat and too much salt .
has to be china , or possibly hell .
garlic bread was cold !
the place needs a facelift , badly .
didnt even give us silverware or napkins or plates for our appetizer .
horrible .
i 'm so frustrated with the restaurant and service industry .
at _num_ minutes , sorry applebee 's ... .
i do not recommend this place for internet orders or take out .
wo n't be going back .
nothing special .
wait staff seemed like they 'd rather be elsewhere .
i will not eat at this applebee 's again .
the salad i payed almost $ _num_ for was tiny and limp .
the only thing that my family ordered that was good was the ranch dressing .
it 's official , applebee 's has really gone down hill .
the quality is not what it was once upon a time .
it is not his fault for the screw ups in the kitchen .
our mixed drinks were about the only thing that was good about our meal .
ordered half off apps menu .
you could n't order more than one per person .
considering how over staffed they were you think the tables might be cleaned off .
also it 's a bit unpleasant hearing the waitstaff complain about their tips .
slow as hell .
i 'm sure we were forgotten about as people behind came and went .
and no it was n't busy .
every applebee 's is always cold .
do n't know why they are all closing !
why is every place going downhill ?
no big deal .
drinks ordered and arrived quickly .
we were a little slow ordering .
price is up by a $ _num_ .
this time i was not disappointed .
that 's not how you sell .
but the service is always horrible .
the drinks are the worst !
if you hate your job why work there ?
prices went up and portions went down .
the bartender did not seem happy to be there at all .
got the thai shrimp salad ( sub shrimp for chicken . )
at this point i 'm just kind of over being there .
my husband ordered a burger which was $ _num_ and subpar .
red robin has the same tasting hamburgers but charges less .
this restaurant charges $ _num_ just to swap out french fries for onion rings .
now it 's been _num_ mins were just waiting for our drinks .
then i was hung up on !
this place is a train wreck .
he is doing more than the _num_ other servers in the restaurant .
this looks like a clear lack of management going on in this entire restaurant .
no manager in sight .
awful customer customer .
they called me _num_ times to confirm the appointment .
unbelievable .
no , the weather is not their fault .
i kept finding granite but everyone i found was sold .
i 've never been so hot , miserable and so frustrated .
i will not go there again and will tell everyone else about this experience .
horrible .
i walked in just as they were closing after driving an hour there .
i walked in and headed right where i needed to be .
i was too much trouble and they were rude about it .
i could n't wait to get out of there .
my wife and i hated the experience of working with arizona tile .
worst customer service i have ever received .
the scottsdale showroom has better customer service as far as the tile showroom goes .
do not buy from this store .
avoid avoid avoid .
and no japanese curry ?
the chicken is dry when i order white meat .
if im paying extra i would expect better tasting food .
i got a chicken teriyaki bowl with white chicken .
thumbs down .
this place is not good .
it 's the worst place ever !
food was bland and not very good .
the food is too expensive .
the portions are n't very good for the price .
it was all very unprofessional to say the least all while taking my order .
needless to say i wo n't be coming back .
nor do they have any spicy sauce to give you , besides jalepeno sauce .
i wo n't go back to this location .
tips jars for what exactly ?
beef egg rolls ?
not again .
stay away unless you want vomit .
needless to say , i will not be a returning customer .
so we took it , not everything fit !
now you tell me if this is a disaster waiting to happen !
so , we drove on and got to our hotel in az .
when we left 1/2 hour later , the a/c was out again !
i was very sick .
he looked at me like really .
he seemed unhappy about that .
wrong !
there was no line so went went right up to the front .
i hate that .
ah , well , why ?
stand in line every where and three hours go by much faster .
other than that , stay away !
every hole is flat and as boring as playing in my kitchen .
anyways , thats beside the point .
i took my dad here to kill a sunday afternoon in may .
they really could improve their on-site service .
the sitting areas and tables are in poor display .
and to make it all worse , the prices seem to have gone up .
i have to give the workers kudos for working hard that day .
and lets not get started on the condition of the equipment .
inside , there is no fun to be had by people over _num_ .
and i guess that 's all there needs to be , eh ?
i do n't remember the bathrooms .
worse place ever !
waste of time and money !
no lighting on most holes .
seems unsafe and dirty .
this place closed permanently in dec _num_ .
probably for the best , it had seen better days .
overall , skip this location and head to the chandler location if you can .
not worth the bother .
i ca n't eat dairy , but eggs and meat are my choice .
had to wait another _num_ mins , looked good so left .
the food is okay , nothing special .
nothing special .
i think there are more better burgers and fish and chips out there .
i wish i could give no stars .
this is just gross !
we 've been here twice now , and both times have been disappointing .
this red robin is sad and old .
the place feels a little dirty and like it 's time for a facelift .
the food is the big problem at this location .
sorry red robin , normally you are a good standby lunch .
no sports package at a popular burger place ?
i did n't finish my food .
it seemed like we had to ask for everything here .
our server was nice but slow .
i will not be coming back .
salad was terrible .
very slow !
i know what you 're thinking : did you send it back ?
want another example of where you can get better burgers ?
not a good place to watch the nfl .
came in on a friday night around _num_ and seated within _num_ minutes .
ordered appetizers and dinner , appetizers came out with the dinner and not before .
plates were chipped on corners .
maybe just a bad night since it was a full house .
felt very bland .
red robin , you 're breaking my heart .
we were seated and things were busy , but not packed .
after another _num_ minutes my husband convinced me that it was time to go .
when it comes to your animal getting sick , i would go elsewhere .
it should not be called a hospital .
the vet techs care , but the doctors do n't listen to them .
the whole experience was bad .
everything she said was like she was reading a text book .
it 's terrible to call customers and attack them lol .
customer service is really lacking .
i wo n't return to this location and would not recommend to anyone else .
worst dealership i 've ever been to and terrible floor manager .
terrible service .
this experience convinced me to take my business elsewhere !
they really ripped her off with unbelievable high charges of over $ _num_ .
they are sleazy and unreliable .
worst experience ever for vehicle maintenance .
yea right , they paid the loan off to the penny .
so yes shame on me but really shame on this place too !
i purchased a used vehicle from this dealer in march of _num_ .
so - thanks hyundai tempe for being so deceiving .
they have lost my car on two separate occasion .
i normally do n't like to write negative reviews but come on folks !
it seems like this is a trend with these guys .
it is bad !
the experience i had is they do n't care about the customer .
the salesman was very rude to my wife .
absolutely worst service department we have ever dealt with .
bad enough to drive anyone crazy while driving .
four hours and still no oil change .
do not buy from this dealership .
absolutely worst service department we have ever dealt with .
bad enough to drive anyone crazy while driving .
four hours and still no oil change .
do not buy from this dealership .
no kidding .
this dealer is just pathetic .
we really regret buying from them .
she called the other dealership and was waiting for a call back .
terrible customer service .
will not go back .
horrible customer service .
i walked out and left .
i will try to make this short .
it would n't have been a big deal if they were nice looking .
the car is not even two years old and the automatic sun shade broke .
customer service went downhill .
i made sure to check what time they closed ( 6pm ) .
i showed up around 5pm , and stood around in the service lane .
they used to have follow up customer service calls , what happened to those ?
wish i could tell you .
so far , my experience has been poor customer service .
never never again .
we walked all over their lot first before checking out the other dealerships .
_num_ salespeople saw us but never gave us the time of day .
we left and went to tempe honda next door where they were very accommodating .
i called monday and left a message .
called thursday and was assured i 'd get a call back after a meeting .
low pressure and she answered all our questions .
once we left there , the customer service has been poor .
my wife had problems one night with her car when the office was closed .
no follow up from their office to see if our issues were resolved .
no help from the dealership .
disappointing !
my wife goes in to talk and cashier says everyone has left .
we wait and wait and wait .
she was busy in chatting to co-worker and doing whatever on her phone .
they do not care about the service quality .
this was by far the worst car buying experience i have ever had .
it is also conveniently past the _num_ day money back guarantee return .
this is unacceptable and shows their awful customer service .
this comment stated for me to call the gm ?
i have been leasing cars as i was _num_ years old .
i 'm also not a new customer to the hyundai motor company .
i was not informed of this , it was an easy fix .
i refused to ever go back there for another vehicle or for service .
both dealers are dishonest and do n't care about their customers !
no problems there .
i called the dealership , but got no return call .
they do n't even have the title to our car .
they had n't yet requested it , so could n't process our registration .
dishonest is the first word that comes to my mind .
i also explained i have my own coolant at home .
he finally backed off and agreed to let me just get my oil changed .
yes , i knew this , they are minor leaks .
the car is _num_ years old .
i wo n't be back .
no more .
that night , i had no dash lights .
jiffy lube national customer service was not much better .
unbelievable .
i was greeted politely and my truck was shortly pulled into the bay .
he looked me dead in the eyes and told me no .
very disappointing !
are they insane ?
fast food just does not get it .
people are not buying drinks and just getting water which costs them money .
this company must have idiots in their marketing department .
the medium was too large .
afraid of a _num_ lb , claw less , half shaved cat .
is n't that their jobs ?
they also look miserable .
he had never done this before .
again the next night , but less so .
obviously , he was n't being provided with water .
the worst pet store in the valley .
she was even worse than the clerk !
ashley and the girl cashier are awful .
female night manager is so rude !
the front office still tried to charge me $ _num_ for the day camp .
the professionalism was ridiculous as well .
i understand that you ca n't prevent everything and dogs can move quickly .
and noticed blood running down my dog 's neck .
are n't there cameras ?
she was in the room for _num_ minutes when the room attendant noticed it .
as i was walking her out she looked like she sat in diarrhea .
do they not clean up dogs who have anxiety ?
horrible organization .
he could n't care less .
these morons need to get their heads out of their ass .
would not ever bring my pet back at such a disorganized place .
i am trying to pay my bills and ca n't seem to get anyone .
so i am stunned this place has five star reviews .
the workers are great but ted and ray left a lot to be desired .
first of all it smelled like sewage , we could n't enjoy our food !
hubby ordered some beer and i drank a `` berry '' lemonade .
my lemonade tasted like crap ... my next order was water .
she comes back out the kitchen and says they are making it now .
_num_ min later our chips and queso show up .
i said why not .
this place is horrible .
if i could give them _num_ stars or negative stars i would !
the overall experience was mediocre at best .
the atmosphere was naturally very loud .
$ _num_ , she said .
when she said $ _num_ , i was surprised .
an order of _num_ wings was $ _num_ .
seems a little high for a 5:30 time slot .
i barely found 1-2 that i would have considered normal size .
if it were a fish , i 'd throw it back .
it was n't even that hot either .
over the period of _num_ 1/2 hours , i ordered _num_ beers .
when i requested my ( 2nd ) check , i was charged for _num_ .
moving forward , i will not be patronizing bww for these activities .
both times i walked out disappointed .
the chicken is lost in the heavy breading .
very dry .
servers walked by and no one acknowledged us .
with plenty of other options to dine nearby , we left .
bww did n't win me as a customer .
but i did n't love buffalo wild wings .
so why did i have to wait an extra _num_ minutes for my wings ?
so , so , so greasy - yuck !
which to me , are way too sugary .
tried _num_ different flavors , the jalapeno one was by far the most tolerable .
their service is terrible .
flatbread was awful and the wings were just ok .
unfortunately , it was worse than previous experiences .
this place is nasty .
someone in that kitchen is n't cooking food right .
get order home and again it is not right .
no thank you .
i stopped eating here before and this is confirmation of my decision .
_num_ of the `` boneless `` wings were all breading .
waitress kept apologizing said they did n't have enough kitchen help .
this is not a gourmet dinning .
wings were not good as well .
`` worst meal i ever ate '' says my _num_ yr old daughter .
the only redeeming thing was that the waitress was nice .
in a word disappointing .
overpriced and slow .
so disappointed .
tonight was the worst experience ever .
looking around the restaurant we noticed no one else was talking either .
it was extremely disappointing and not the experience i expected at a sports bar .
he had just had major foot surgery and needed to eat before taking medication .
when we walked in , we were greeted fairly quickly by the hostess .
so we walked out , starving and all .
we will never return again .
terrible service .
when we finally realized courtney had forgotten to put our order in .
no sorry or anything .
tonight i opted for something different - the buffalo chicken ranch sandwich .
again , this is n't a typical experience , but felt compelled to share .
lame in every sense of the word .
i had a beer and got out of there as fast as i could .
not the service or the food .
because both of this things sucked .
i apologized to server but explained the issue and asked for a new one .
mean while my daughter is hungry and getting tired .
hmm i know there was more to this salad .
i recall reading carrots and various cheeses .
dinner was a waste of time and money .
third time i went to this location was the last .
nachos were cold .
obviously this staff is not capable of handling a full house .
worse service ever !
went back after the owner replied to my review .
unfortunately it 's just about impossible .
no kidding second time had hair in the nachos !
bottom line the place is managed poorly .
this place is over priced for it 's lack luster cuisine .
horrible way to run a business !
this place sucked .
i ordered the buffalo ranch chicken sandwich , and it immediately fell apart .
we got the chocolate cake and cheesecake bites for desert .
the chocolate cake was extremely dry , and the cheesecake bites were warm .
the cheesecake bites were so terrible .
the service was terrible as well .
but the waitress seemed really flaky and very unfriendly .
i felt uncomfortable talking to her .
i hated this place .
it was terrible .
very busy .
got a table after less than _num_ minutes .
got a beer and ordered , but our dinner took way too long .
food was mediocre !
with so many good restaurants in the area , will not plan to return .
by the way , manager did n't bend over backwards for food mix up !
no biggie .
why _num_ star ?
he said no , like he was doing me a favor .
ugh .
server was hard to get to help and no manager to be found .
decided to walk outside and call because reservations at a sports bar is questionable .
needless to say we did not eat there .
did they just not want `` us '' in the restaurant ?
i ordered wings , ate and was fine .
me : okay , i guess i 'll stay away from those then .
they do n't serve broken , bloody wings .
her actual response was disappointing to say the least .
overall , this place is really inconsistent .
he does n't live up to the name !
kind of hard to get if you never stop by to check on us .
would have complained to the manager but they were nowhere to be seen either .
busy friday night at bww so i walk in with two of my friends .
it was _num_ seconds max .
incredibly rude .
the food is standard bar quality fare and the wings and burgers are meh .
the service , while usually friendly enough , is certainly lacking in quality .
look around , no silverware so i have ask for a fork .
i put down a $ _num_ .
the food has little to be desired .
i ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it barely had any sauce on it .
so i decided to run my car down to sun devil auto .
unfortunately that fell through and the belt had been just sitting in my car .
which was about $ _num_ over my budget .
they reported that nothing was wrong and i could be on my way .
i would give _num_ stars if possible .
i will probably only bring my car for an oil change in the future .
i had to get silverware and place mat from another table .
she met minimum standards of professionalism and friendliness .
floor was dirty , waitress was n't friendly at all .
ceiling tiles were water stained .
eggs were cold , coffee was luke warm .
service was very poor .
that 's not including other items we ask for .
she did n't charge my meal however , service was still very poor .
worst denny 's experience by far .
the food was good , but our service was horrible !
her behavior was off , ca n't put my finger on it .
i am beyond disappointed and wo n't be back any time soon .
this was yet another disappointing visit to denny 's .
thanks but no thanks !
poor service .
waitress with an attitude , manager with lies .
the service here was so bad i almost cried !
nothing that should be that difficult .
pancakes would not even melt butter .
i joined _num_ weeks ago .
some of the `` regular '' elderly ladies are rude .
the manager is useless .
i 've been to several _num_ hour fitness locations over the years .
very limited classes and many they want you to pay extra for .
this _num_ hour fitness is close and convenient within gilbert .
unfortunately , the treadmills and equipment have not been maintained or replaced .
the equipment , while not bad is old .
some _num_ hour fitness ' are nicer , this is n't one of them .
signed up for a membership in _num_ , lifetime family membership in california .
time period i paid them a total of $ _num_ .
and fan motor recently failed ) .
i feel this was unacceptable .
by them as part of their inspection .
the service was ok , never great , but never bad .
warner vista was closed til monday .
by the next monday at _num_ pm ( _num_ days later ) !
my dog died after a routine dental cleaning at warner vista animal hospital .
i was not informed and the office proceeded with the dental cleaning .
( she could n't even walk !
$ _num_ and later that night , my precious girl was gone .
you have been warned .
the routine stuff is easy , anyone an do it well .
i would not recommend warner vista animal hospital to a friend .
i submitted the below review last may and just wanted to give an update .
my dog died after a routine dental cleaning at warner vista animal hospital .
i was not informed and the office proceeded with the dental cleaning .
( she could n't even walk !
$ _num_ and later that night , my precious girl was gone .
i took my buddy down there for an early morning tee time .
and he was n't welcoming at all and he was very short with us .
a little more convenient , less awkward location would 've been nice .
no biggie so i parked the 2nd one and hopped in with my buddy .
now , i understand taking _num_ carts may have been a little much .
my buddy was n't too happy either .
$ _num_ to $ _num_ for a regular green fee is hard to beat .
will not be back .
so i can not judge it .
i said ok no big deal .
i then thanked him for wasting my time and left with my family .
this is one of the worse courses in the valley .
i have never been treated so poorly at a golf course .
eh , i was hungry , nothing else was open at 3am .
i always find what i need but the customer service could be better .
it is hard to find anyone to help out with questions .
i cant wait to go back and try different menu items .
second visit : very disappointed !
i ordered the bbq chicken pizza and my husband ordered the just enough wings .
i could not even finish half of the individual size .
are you kidding me ?
though i love the location the remodel leaves me lacking .
not sure who is going to sit here .
had to go back inside and wait for them to make it correctly .
karen at the register is rude and off putting .
was n't greeted by anyone and i have had better drinks from other locations .
this was by far the worst experience i have had .
$ _num_ for this ?
complete ripoff .
avoid this location at all costs .
avoid !
( unless you like being ripped off ) .
not helpful at all .
attitude , attitude , attitude .
how long had it been sitting there anyways ?
lady was extremely rude when we walked in _num_ minutes after _num_ .
then she rudely said , there 's a sign on the door .
it was ridiculous .
also , the bathrooms were disgusting .
and it 's not hard to see why .
the free popcorn is such a lie .
they admitted it was misleading but just shrugged at me .
bad taste in my mouth .
so make sure you scan your regal loyalty card for extra points .
this is an old and outdated theater .
to charge .
thats crazy assigned seats !
better .
impact of movie .
sucked !
every single trash can was overflowing .
ladies bathroom was disgusting .
very disappointed .
i have been there 4-5 times and the bathrooms are always disgusting .
please start cleaning the bathrooms and take out the trash !
very confusing for the elderly people in front of us .
tickets were reasonably priced but the food and drinks are very expensive !
$ _num_ for a water , large soda , and medium popcorn .
a small bottle is over $ _num_ so i asked for a cup .
no credit .
no refund .
i 'm skipping regal in the future .
long lines at the concession stand .
the biggest problem here is the overflowing trash everywhere you look .
i , seriously , do n't understand these good reviews .
everything looks and feels cheap and dirty .
this is , certainly , not a place i would recommend .
popcorn does n't come buttered , you have to do it yourself .
it 's very difficult with a tub .
i do n't even want to think what the men 's look like .
after a phone call i was told i 'm not getting those services !
no reason , no follow up and a very rude service manager .
i will never recommend this company ... terrible customer service and essentially liars .
bad customer service .
while their prices are good , i have a warning for all pet owners .
the process took way to long though .
just to upgrade and get set up took hours !
will not be returning to this location .
the rest of the store leaves much to be desired .
prices are high and the service is atrocious during normal business hours .
there is no such thing as a quick trip into this store .
the service just gets worse .
in there this morning at _num_ am .
meh selection , lame produce and meat , good bakery and deli .
the greens were pretty bad too .
they 're very firm and inconsistent .
i managed to get _num_ holes in in under _num_ hours .
its relatively cheap in the summer , but there are better deals .
in the winter , i wo n't go near the course , too overpriced .
worst bunkers in all of golf .
not the greatest food & the staff is not very friendly or accommodating .
we 're quoted $ _num_ , to ride .
skip this course .
course was running _num_ minutes late on tee times .
there is no excuse for that .
greens are rough as well .
there are too many good courses around for me to go back .
unless you 've got at least _num_ hours to play .
_num_ ; _num_ tee time .
_num_ groups are backed up at _num_ .
his people skills were lacking and i just got bad vibes from him .
each time he managed to find a problem and extra treatment that was needed .
any other day i 'd say val vista dental was your average dentist .
they 're are also very accommodating and responsive .
the dental assistants are the best thing val vista dental has going for them .
i highly suggest going someplace else if you want a more professional dentist .
i gave it one star for my last visit .
go to lowes on way home from dog park .
cashier says no one coming , go to aisle _num_ .
richard asks cashier to give him balance on gift card .
manager says no ... looks confused .
manager takes me to back of garden center and points to weed fabric .
go home ... water down dogs and wife .
i tell him i 'm trying to reach garden .
and explain that rolls are sold in _num_ , _num_ foot rolls .
he says `` no , its _num_ ' by _num_ ' roll .
they do n't trust their customer .
so think twice before you goto lowes .
they said no and would n't even make up for the difference .
this place is an absolute joke when it comes to customer service .
this locations service is the worst i have ever encountered .
i returned to plumbing and waited _num_ more minutes .
i am a mile down the street from this location .
i will now travel _num_ more miles further to shop at home depot .
this has to be the worst ross i 've literally ever been to .
if you 're looking for name brands , forget it .
there is nothing you will find here that is of any quality .
it 's got nothing here .
avoid .
their shelves and racks are hardly ever stocked .
do n't waste your time here .
_num_ ' x _num_ '' , _num_ x _num_ '' ?
want your customers to come back ?
overall , i would recommend not shopping here .
they do n't make up for that .
my nail tech as awful .
the towel used to place my feet on was basically see through .
my tech did not change towels to clean my nails .
the chairs was old and actually hurt .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
a completely in edible turkey taco with pico de gallo .
when something goes wrong , they do n't stand behind the food they sell .
this place is awful !
then they tried to tell me they were out of coffee and smoothies !
burger king sucks .
today was an unimpressive day for bk .
but , not all is lost .
the drive thru operator was quick to get the problem for me .
i 'm done being disappointed by burger king .
man was i wrong !
very disappointed i will never go back .
horrible horrible store !
service was quick and friendly , so no complaints at all with staff .
the orange chicken tasted watered down or i should say no taste to it .
i have eaten panda a hundred times will never eat at this one again .
not impressed .
can i give zero stars ?
if you 're looking crappy chinese food , look no further .
canned peas and carrots in shrimp with lobster sauce .
bland food .
worst chinese food i 've ever had .
the sauce for the pork was bland .
disappointed .
we ordered , lo mein , mongolian beef , and sesame chicken .
the food was horrible .
the broth in the wonton soup tasted like water .
very bizarre , not good .
the crab puffs barely had any filling and were very sour .
the veggies were a very mushy and lacking in flavor .
fried rice was pretty bland .
will not be returning .
i ordered for delivery and the food was horrible !
if you like hot and sour soup do n't go there .
it also had a super gross aftertaste , wife said like bo .
it was super thick like old gravy and neither hot or sour at all .
$ _num_ dollars straight into the garbage .
sorry but this was a taste of something and it was n't china .
the orange chicken and honey chicken are the same thing and very very bland .
does n't stand out , was n't terrible .
there are better options in the area .
however the customer service is terrible !
sigh '' and her friends just walk through the kitchen as they please .
that ca n't be sanitary .
we 've been so displeased with the service we are n't going back .
worst chinese food i have ever had and overpriced .
i ca n't believe it had so many good reviews .
she could not have cared less .
another _num_ minutes later the food showed up .
i was starving so i took it .
orange sauce spilled all over the containers .
peter , the owner called .
not even an offer of complimentary egg rolls or fortune cookie .
called for delivery and ordered crab puffs and egg rolls for appetizers .
asked for extra sweet and sour to which we got none at all .
i asked if we could get a discount , they replied no .
i did not at any point yell .
not at all how the pics look !
chicken egg foo young comes in a box ?
with no sauce or gravy and the patty itself was so dry !
lo mein chicken noodles were stuck together , never again so so dry !
oh and $ _num_ order no egg rolls included !
took an hour to deliver _num_ miles and the food was barely edible .
do n't waste your time or money .
this was gross , the chicken teriyaki was nasty and bland .
this was not worth the money , very disappointed .
delivery was okay did n't take too long .
crab puffs had a sour taste to them .
i tasted a very little bit and will not be eating .
place was clean and staff was friendly but the food was flavorless .
the orange chicken was mediocre everything else was pretty bad .
eventually , someone gets it closed .
i leave , angry , but done , or so i think .
apparently they could n't manage to close that properly either .
avoid this location like the plague .
a long time customer seeking service elsewhere .
these guys are a rip off .
the management are rude and unprofessional .
i am now taking my business elsewhere .
needless to say , a terrible customer experience .
very disappointing .
maybe they messed up , but the deal should be honored as written .
not to mention i have used them in the past with no issues .
beware of big o tires !
german stated that my ticket was hanging and was next .
i just sat there thinking my car was being worked on .
should have went to yelp before i went to big o tires .
to make me whole again they did the work and parts for no charge .
the job was completed a week ago and i am satisfied with the outcome .
this place breaks your car so you have to go back to them !
avoid at all costs !
_num_ hour _num_ minutes for an oil change .
i arrived , expecting to be done in _num_ minutes .
unacceptable , i 'll never return to a big o .
i pulled over to discover the cap from the power steering pump was missing .
so i drove my truck to the dealership leaving a trail of smoke .
i even had an air filter go missing after an oil change .
which leads me to how i found out my car was dead .
well then , nothing , my hood would not open .
yelp 's rating of this places does n't lie .
a returning loyal customer has been lost today .
i think their overall rating speaks for itself .
after an hour car has not moved and no update from horrible front staff .
waste of a day because of a nail in tire .
had to stop at another place and get tire balanced .
wow , total failure on the most basic stuff .
useless .
never again will i go to or recommend this rip off joint .
will never go back to big o .
big o mistake !
i feel like everytime i go here they rip me off .
i thought they were rude and unprofessional .
ok we thought , still not bad .
we were quite disappointed .
i was advised for new tires due to wear .
not good !
after about _num_ hrs , my car is ready ... so i thought .
this is not safe .
probably wo n't go here again .
so i guess there is that .
but they did n't even let me know what was going on !
i decide to give them another shot and get my oil changed .
do not go to this one .
you lost another customer .
terrible service .
price was now $ _num_ .
should be done in _num_ mins .
after _num_ hours , the car was finished .
they book everyone every _num_ mins .
not run well at all !
no one at target can help u either .
i will not be back after i get my pictures from them .
they book everyone every _num_ mins .
not run well at all !
no one at target can help u either .
i will not be back after i get my pictures from them .
my most recent one being the worst .
very very very poor customer service by jesse .
long story short she did a terrible job at cutting his hair .
the food there is average .
sometimes the chili has zero beans in it .
the cheese has not even melted by the time i get it .
i took it back to the register , where they did apologize .
i will be avoiding this location from now on .
they fill like you are trying to get a free meal out of them .
i mean no disrespect to the folks that work here .
_num_ strikes and you 're out !
i 've tried this location _num_ times since it is convenient to my house .
this location is _num_ for _num_ .
terrible .
i called at _num_ am and was told my car was ready .
need another hour .
omg i ca n't believe what i would have to pay .
really disappointed with the treatment from this place .
oh , but he gave me estimates for getting the work done .
a far cry from what i 've experienced in the past .
skip this location if you need car work !
we have attempted to get tires repaired here at least _num_ times .
this last time , it took me _num_ phone calls and _num_ trips .
i 'm sure that will work out for you in the long run .
i drop it off they say it will be ready at 6pm .
i give her my name and she says its not ready .
the lady never said sorry and was a complete you know what .
she went back and got me my prescription in _num_ min .
i tried calling three different times , and i kept getting transferred .
i left after an hour with nothing .
i do not recommend this clinic to anyone .
i will be going to an urgent care tonight .
this last time , my small child was having some work done .
as i said it 's not like we were new patients .
not patient care , and not acting professionally .
i will never go there again , nor would i recommend them to anyone .
highly inappropriate .
this fry 's has become the worst store in the area .
and it 's just terrible now .
i have to come here at least _num_ _num_ times a week .
lettuce is almost always empty .
none of the workers care .
i talked to a manager named madison .
she said , `` oh it 's senior wednesday . ''
long story , but i 'm getting tired of it .
no attempt to allow me to leave .
here 's the rundown and why they only get one star ... .
however , this year i paid $ _num_ more .
i was treated very poorly by the front desk employee .
she was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i just can not handle extremely poor customer service .
they will not be getting my business .
very unprofessional and get this this supposedly delivered to the home .
hide the worst people in an area where no one will visit !
thus school is very poorly organized .
terrible experience !
not a sanitary place ; will never go back .
do n't waste your money !
not going back again .
burnt my eye when tammy was waxing my eyebrows .
called to let them know this and they were not sympathetic towards the situation .
very disappointed with the service lately .
the employees have no idea what they are doing .
and then it did n't even go through .
avoid this location at all costs .
they ca n't even scan & email .
avoid this location at all cost .
we have also emailed the store and ups claims department with no success .
tried one bite and threw it out just like my other visits .
go to the one a little north on val vista instead .
sitting in the drive thru long enough to write a review .
got the order wrong at the order window .
got the order wrong at the pay window .
got the order wrong at the pickup window .
got home and guess what , got the order wrong .
i only charge you $ _num_ . ''
and i 'm sure other people will think twice after reading this review .
avoid them like the plague .
i am not pleased with the staff or the venue .
i then drove to another venue where they had even heard about this before .
i 'm so confused by some of these reviews .
the venue is beautiful but the staff is horrible .
terrible management and awful customer service .
we had a dress rehearsal and they had no clue about it .
i would never suggest this venue to anyone !
horrible experience !
again , awkward .
this was when it got frustrating .
overall , very unpleasant .
i would not recommend this venue , as long as patrick is running it .
first impression of ownership and professionalism was very poor .
patrick was n't there so another staff member helped us out .
the staff seemed miserable and did n't make us feel very welcome .
from the beginning he was rude and cold .
even though i had met and talked with him before .
i was pressured by him to go with him as my dj .
do n't work with him or at least go in with very low expectations .
i did n't even know how to respond to him .
why would you advertise on a site you have zero intention of paying for ?
that is dishonest .
i 'm sure they get paid for the services they provide .
they can not keep good teachers there to save their lives .
the plates were hot and the rice and beans were pretty tasty .
however , the tacos did n't cut it .
this is mexican food like your white momma used to make .
the food however was terrible !
i could n't eat it !
the only thing good was the appetizer sampler that we ordered .
i wo n't be back .
probably the worst mexican food i have ever had .
nothing we ate had any flavor or tasted fresh at all .
beans tasted like they came out of a can .
shredded beef was bland and tasteless .
avoid avoid avoid .
my hubs and i really wanted to try this place out .
the food was pretty mediocre .
we wo n't be back , unfortunately .
i 've been here a few times .
it is decorated like a mexican restaurant .
prices were higher than other mom and pop places .
salsa was flavorful , but nothing to write home about .
just like the tacos , i judge a place on the beans .
for the price i paid , i will not be going back .
i really wish it had been better .
literally _num_ separate activities in a _num_ minute class .
the equipment was nice , but it was not for us .
i am not spending money in your store .
lindsay pharmacy is horrible !
waited _num_ mins in the lobby despite being on time for our appointment .
the receptionist was clueless and disinterested .
if anyone knows about hospitals and dr. 's offices , it 's me .
being in one is not an automatic pass for hour long wait times .
we 'll see how the appointment goes next week .
i would not use this car wash again .
the whole place is dirty .
the wash itself was not so good .
i had to wash my hands before getting back into my car .
i wo n't be back .
they book everyone every _num_ mins .
not run well at all !
no one at target can help u either .
i will not be back after i get my pictures from them .
absolutely horrible service .
he then asked me , `` what do you want with it . ''
the customer service rep told us that they could not honor the price .
not worth it .
i have eaten a few and have not been impressed .
this is tex-mex cafeteria food .
the food does not taste horrible .
( that reminds me , i am going to yelp qt next .
so here is why chipotle gets two stars .
i am not proud .
why do i repeatedly torture myself for mediocre food ?
when the black beans are cooked all the way through , it is awesome .
this location is a hit or miss , usually a miss .
sometimes the beans are crunchy , sometimes the rice is crunchy or under seasoned .
sick of wasting money here , just need to find a better location .
i have never seen so much turn over in an establishment .
the employees here are unbelievable .
every time i order online , it is completely wrong .
i ca n't believe the service at this place , it was so bad .
( it 's supposed to be a warm salad ) .
now it 's time to go through the salsa , sour cream , etc .
section as you make your way to the cash register .
my husband said , salsa , corn and light sour cream .
my husband said , why did you do that ?
trouble was , the kid that made the sour cream error was the manager !
they offered to remake our salads and we just walked out .
we went to another chipotle in mesa and it was just fine .
they did n't rush you .
they just do n't listen and push you through the line too quickly .
ultimately i could n't eat the soaked and soggy concoction .
i love chipotle .
last time i was here i wanted guacamole in my bowl .
half the line behind me walked out .
i love chipotle , but this location is just careless .
got one tonight and it 's falling all apart again .
i love the food but it 's terrible work done at this location apparently .
not thrilled w here and will be hesitant to go there again .
chipotle , you used to be good to me .
now , only friendly staffs .
are you lost ?
this is the worst chipotle i have ever been too .
the meats are not cooked or prepared right either .
terrible .
terrible .
terrible .
down right rude customer service skills .
i ca n't believe the positive reviews listed here .
the food is marginal , not authentic .
the quality of the ingredients is poor to fair .
the only saving grace is the low prices .
the food is pretty good , sweet and sour sauce is horrible !
good thing the is a frys near by to get some decent bottles sauce .
i had the general chicken and my wife ate the beef & broccoli .
this place gets _num_ stars because the staff was all very attentive and friendly .
i will give them _num_ start for friendly customer service .
fail !
the lost me as a customer tonight .
they are off of our dining list .
horrible manager !
she just had excuses up the wall .
two visits and i 'm just not that into the food .
beyond that , i have not been impressed with the food .
this place is a big dive bar with not much to brag about .
gyro was made with a frozen patty heated on a grill .
the mashed potatoes had no flavor at all and the veggies were cold .
service was very slow even though it did n't seem to busy .
i 've been there twice now and i am not impressed .
for my husband , myself and our young son it was $ _num_ !
the service was very slow .
the management there was less than interested in fixing any problems we had .
save you time money and appetite and find a different place to eat .
i would have rated them a _num_ then .
the only saving grace was the chicken enchilada soup ... that was downright heavenly .
everything else , however , was dang near inedible .
it has very few dinner specials and a poor beer selection .
but i was starving and they had peanuts .
come by , but sit away from the bar after 2:00 .
unfortunately , it did n't apply for take out .
the fun does n't end there !
for a long time and ca n't say enough good things about it .
this one is no where near as good .
but not this one .
however the flavor was bland and so was the au jus .
too expensive for what you get .
apparently , it has been bought out by someone else .
completely flat soda .
ahh ... i should learn .
it has really gone downhill .
the quality of the food is inconsistent .
she was not friendly at all .
we like going here for the atmosphere , beer and tvs .
the food is just ok .
about _num_ mins later a guy comes out and takes our drink order .
we were rather disappointed .
not a very good lunch at all .
worst place ever !
the server told us to f @ * ?
i guess the valid complaints of rude service or cold food exceeded our welcome .
so very disappointed in this establishment .
the food was mediocre at best .
terrible service .
i am not `` go on yelp to complain '' type of person .
i am so pissed now .
the manager did refund my money .
i am so mad right now .
we received our pizza and low and behold there was cheese on both sides .
price was n't bad & those were pretty tasty !
they have very poor customer service and very rude .
every time we went to this location , they screwed up our order .
they said it would be ready in _num_ minutes .
i arrived with about _num_ minutes to spare .
they lost my business forever .
it serve probably _num_ people if they all had _num_ pizza each .
not worth the savings .
and did not give her the correct amount of change back .
we ordered a thin crust and it was extremely salty .
tonight my son ordered a vegan pizza , yet it was brought with cheese .
the driver told him to call in to let them know .
so i stood there waiting for a refund , and nothing .
so i called back and of course they see no reason to refund me .
so $ _num_ for a cold vegan pizza two hours later .
clearly i wo n't be ordering from this location again .
this store loves to mess up orders apparently .
but tonight was not that case .
no thanks !
why should i pay for your mistake you admitted too ?
after tonight i wo n't be returning to this store again .
i ended up waiting almost _num_ hours for an oil change .
never again will i go to this jiffy lube .
bad news : corporate has n't fixed the problem that many people are having .
he never mentioned he 'd be right back and just left me standing there .
fast oil change , _num_ stars .
my advice is to just go some place else and save yourself the headache .
are you kidding me ?
was just there trying to get my _num_ vehicle serviced for an oil change .
then he stated that the recommended oil change for my vehicle was $ _num_ .
i would steer clear of this business .
i do not recommend .
my family and i will never go back to this location again .
no big deal - stuff happens .
needless to say , we are beyond angry at how we were treated .
not much else to it .
the pizza is just ok .
ok i was not expecting much , and they delivered .
the pizza is just bland and boring .
i had a buffet and the salad is all mixed together with the dressing .
i tried it , but i knew it was gon na be nasty .
i 'm not sure why i went in today .
this was a terrible experience .
they continuously asked me if i had another receipt .
i could not believe it !
a customer proceeds to checkout an entire shopping cart at the pharmacy counter .
this is while other customers including me wait to pick up prescriptions .
this is totally inconsiderate behavior to other customers .
this target however , is a freaking let down .
i hate that .
target is supposed to have everything .
but no .
not here .
i 'm getting frustrated just thinking about it .
no more .
unless its an emergency .
but only if i absolutely have to .
i used to have good shopping experiences here but not lately .
i refuse to make a purchase here .
one star because zero is n't an option .
the manager is incompetent .
i refuse to shop here again .
when taking you exam there is no quiet place .
however , some of the other teachers do not provide the proper instruction .
most classes get out early - sometimes two hours !
could n't get to _num_ percent .
horrible place !
there is no places for anyone to sit outside but one bench out front .
this is a terrible place .
the staff is either incompetent or they do n't care ( maybe both ) .
do not go there by any means .
but this location is horrible !
the yogurt they gave my toddler with his meal had expired a week prior .
their service is horrible .
would not recommend this location to anyone .
cashier apologized , asked me if i wanted sauce and offered free chocolate pastry .
no sauce and no chocolate pastry to be found in my bag .
i just ordered a salad and it had at least three things wrong .
i asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in them .
i received the wrong dressing and was missing my sauce .
i wo n't be back.
now they have the chicken sandwiches which is a huge mistake .
the sandwich had the most nasty aftertaste ive ever eaten .
the frys were also dark brown and i did n't even eat them all .
_num_ for a large drink and _num_ for a large fry .
lady told me she would be with me in a minute .
lazy .
i just left .
i wo n't be coming back to this place .
the teriyaki sauce was too sweet .
i 'm sorry - we do n't have sushi today . ''
sushi is more than _num_ % of your menu !
very disappointed .
$ _num_ worth of crap !
i ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl .
the chicken was awesome but the egg rolls sucked a $ $ !
they messed them up _num_ times .
do n't buy the sushi here .
_num_ pieces each - for _num_ ?
the flavor is bland .
there 's no eel sauce on their sauces on the side .
literally _num_ dollars for _num_ pieces of sushi ?
had to drive through mcdonald 's to satisfy our stomach .
ca n't believe i went here for a sushi .
the chicken and teriyaki flavor was way off .
i ca n't believe he 's greedy and not charging for quality food .
all of my food was soggy and lukewarm at best .
i 'm not stupid .
_num_ of the the minutes had been spent waiting that my order taken .
zero stars !
never in my life have i been treated this way !
please do n't bring business to this terrible woman you will thank me later !
petsmart quoted me $ _num_ to $ _num_ .
people really should read up on body language .
anyhow , i look down and my dogs foot is bleeding .
the vet said they have n't seen a grooming injury this bad .
i would not recommend this groomer .
she never even said she felt bad .
horrible !
i 'm sure there 's other groomers that would appreciate my business .
i use to really liked this pet groomer .
even my friends asked if he is alright , because he was acting differently .
i was very angry and i let her know .
took my truck to get brake fluid flush and rear brakes adjusted .
drove my truck _num_ miles and the rear brakes locked up and started smoking .
i do n't understand how this place is still in business .
i 've got ta agree with jesse on the only other review .
pushy , dishonest gym membership sales .
the men 's locker room is disgusting .
worst .
equipment always broken here and they do n't even bother to put signs up .
their excuse , they were waiting for parts .
_num_ year old who had n't experienced the classic `` gym '' sales crap .
the gym will be closed in june _num_ .
that 's why i go to lowes .
i am totally shocked that this is how home depot handles the door dept .
_num_ people waiting for paint .
she is loud enough for everyone to hear and not kind at all .
telling him the other girl should not have left .
she starts to help customers and is rude to them .
did not apologize to customers and started waiting on people out of turn .
same _num_ employees working .
stood there again for _num_ min .
did not get acknowledged by either of them .
no one said they would be helping me in a minute .
neither of them seemed like they could be bothered in the least little bit .
even worse than your typical home depot experience .
if you go into this store , expect to pay well over $ _num_ .
he told us that we had wasted his time .
she said she was sorry again .
he said `` yeah , whatever ! ''
but , i would recommend going to the foot solutions on n. scottsdale .
the salesperson was very helpful and accommodating , so that was not the problem .
but i hate , hate , hate the shoes .
they are the most uncomfortable shoes i ever bought .
it was not the sales person 's fault .
but i will not go back .
foot solution was not the solution .
the towels used were dingy and had holes in them .
i would really give this place zero stars but it wo n't let you .
very disappointing to be treated that way .
i do n't do karaoke so that side of the establishment might be okay .
the bar chairs and tables looked like patio furniture that desperately needs replace .
i have been to this establishment twice now on a friday .
the rotation for the karaoke was awful !
i should have listened to my sister and friends and went to hurricane bay .
i have been here before , its a bar !
we ordered our drinks and the place wasnt overly full at 9pm .
_num_ minutes later , our drinks arrived .
in all it took _num_ minutes to get our food .
needless to say i didnt eat the stone cold garlic fries .
the waitress had too many stations for someone who was new to handle .
it was quite the scene and i felt bad for the guy .
i went there tonight to hear live music .
i left without spending a cent in the place .
shame .
i went in tonight for a beer and to take some food home .
ca n't trust it .
i wish i knew her name because she is horrible .
gross !
i dunno .
oh how i wish i had taken pictures to post along with this .
absolutely no paper towels or soap .
nasty !
nasty !
nasty !
no wonder it was only _num_ .
no locks on the stall 's .
worst place to visit in glendale .
the atmosphere and bar keeps were not welcoming , inviting or friendly .
i can not stress that enough .
this is where they got really rude .
im embarrassed i stood there that long , the bar was literally empty .
i explained we didnt have bottled waters .
i refused to pay it and my card was run anyway .
bad experience !
slow service !
i order _num_ wings for out .
i was told _num_ minutes , the wings would be ready .
she just ignored me .
i wo n't be coming back .
plenty other places that want my business this is n't one of them !
the east side ( karaoke side ) was fun , but very slow service .
i would not recommend this place .
it ai n't a scottsdale club !
went here for someone 's birthday tonight .
paid $ _num_ for _num_ beers at the bar .
if you 're a female do not go here .
not the newest or greatest or cheapest .
went on a friday at noon .
waited in line for _num_ minutes to get in .
waited in line _num_ minutes to get a soda at snack bar .
dirty , bad area .
so ridiculous !
wo n't be going back .
horrible experience .
very disappointed .
drove _num_ min and they were closed .
if you are going , do not give them your extra money .
i 'm not even sure i want to give this place _num_ stars .
i felt so bad for the kids one even got ran over .
music is the same as it used to be which is awesome .
the staff walked by like i did n't matter .
they did n't even help me get out the door .
they blew me off .
so sad !
she instantly offered to refund our money .
this policy was not posted anywhere visible when entering the facility .
it is not posted on the main page of the website .
_num_ stars simply for the nostalgia and my kids have a blast .
and worse , the food and food handling is nasty .
gross !
overpriced and disgusting food .
i purchased the voucher ( $ _num_ of service for $ _num_ ) .
before renting an apartment here , please check it out for yourself .
hated the experience ... we just got up and walked out .
i would advise anyone to choose any other school besides this one .
that is ridiculous .
they also built a full public safety building in tempe .
time to hire a new guy in financial planning .
this college is one headache after another .
i 'm sorry , i thought you worked here .
this school is a headache to deal with .
i am so glad this will be my final year .
i do not recommend anyone to this college .
terrible staff .
but not great either .
only went cause friends invited .
you guys are not worth my money anymore , what a joke .
it was alright that night for some reason ... was n't as satisfying tonight .
and the fries ... soggy ... enough said .
it 's just not very good .
the caesar salad was abysmal .
how do you mess up salad ?
not that it matters since the food is n't worth the price .
it may be awhile before i am willing to give you another chance .
we arrived there a little after _num_ .
there were maybe _num_ other tables occupied .
we ordered salads , soups , a sandwich and a chicken breast meal .
however , we had to wait an extremely long time to get our food .
we were worried we would be late for our meeting .
i thought that was a little rude .
my friend also did n't have enough dressing for her salad .
my half rack of ribs were dry and burned with very low sauce amount .
chef , runner and waitress all failed , the beer was good though .
not a big deal , these things happen .
this applebees is just sad .
we were seated quickly , but it all went downhill from there .
we waited _num_ mins before our waiter elizabeth even noticed that we were there .
we sat a good _num_ minutes without being recognized , no water -- nothing .
maybe they would have been put there when they cleaned the table .
for awful service , dirty tables and inattentive staff .
horrible experience .
probably will not return to this applebee 's again , if any applebee 's .
started off by waiting to be greater by the hostess for over _num_ minutes .
horrible hostess .
bad start to a even worse meal .
and the worst part is there were pasta noodles in my salad .
she did n't even offer to correct anything .
overall this was the worst experience we have ever had at a restaurant .
no coupon or advertised special could bring us back .
horrible horrible experience !
service was so slow .
the waiter had to flagged down to get refills ever dissapointed in the service .
stopped in on the way from home to the airport .
three staff were standing at the entrance .
mom replied `` i can walk the distance just not up stairs . ''
other tables had food and trash on the floor .
we were given menus promptly and greeted by our waitress .
the food was marginal at best .
the wife 's burger came out black with wilted lettuce and luke warm fries .
halfway thru the burger the server returns asking if we wanted anything else .
the chicken tortilla soup should be called tortilla soup .
it literally had no chicken in it whatsoever .
everything else was obviously made from frozen .
had spinach artichoke dip and macaroni and cheese .
not great but nothing to be upset about .
i just dont know how this chain has lasted this long .
their slow and by the time you get the food it 's cold .
my chicken wings were cold .
the service is terrible .
your service is awful .
service was ok but the food was just terrible .
did not suit my needs .
food was not good at all today .
i do n't think i have ever been disappointed with my food .
hands down never coming back !
both of us were thrown off by that .
also the potatoes were cold .
i left the option on the computer for zero tip because i had cash .
the service was terrible .
could n't even get silverware without asking even after food was on the table .
i wo n't be back .
i do n't normally review anything _num_ star ... .
but i ordered the bourbon chicken and shrimp .
he did n't take my plate and expected me to eat it .
totally bummed , because i am certain it was not there .
for $ _num_ you can wash for _num_ minutes .
the clock never stopped and there was no way to stop it .
terrible .
no buffalo stuff anywhere .
probably a big mistake on their part .
not normally my go to pizza place because i often forget about it .
major disappointment .
first of all , on a saturday night , the place was dead .
the next clue would be the extremely worn out chairs .
nearly every bit of paint has been worn off the chair frames .
service is not their strong suit .
first the sauce was not a red i recognize but almost black .
the noodles where uninspired and had no flavor .
the flavor was not bad , just nothing to brag about .
dry , overcooked and about half the size of a normal portion .
pizza tasted like cardboard and wings were so small and overcooked .
what a waste of money .
thats how bad it was .
food was not very good tonight .
the wings were very small and very very dry .
zero customer service skills .
i 'm sorry .
but this is n't new york .
now it 's so bad !
we waited about _num_ mins for _num_ of us .
it was a little dry .
i need to stop drinking and eating here .
waiter got my order wrong ( which he never wrote down ) .
service was n't that great and food was crap .
now my experience was not that great either .
this just shows me the manager was in a hurry .
i 'm not exaggerating here .
the quality of service desperately needs attention !
strawberries banana pancake .
_num_ minutes later , his pancakes came out .
no bananas .
all bad .
this was just a horrible experience .
the cooks need to learn the proper food prep order so everything is hot .
wo n't be back to this location .
tonight was the last visit we will make to this location .
granted its ihop but my expectations are higher than what was met .
so me and some friend went to this i hop today .
i have the worst service i have ever had in my life .
i had to remind the waiter that there was still an order missing .
he did n't bring us syrup for our pancakes until much later .
very frustrating .
did n't bring us syrup or ranch for my food until very late .
never going there again honestly i 'll just stick to denny 's .
no issue with their staff at all , except maybe the cook .
there 's just not a lot of flavor i suppose .
not in a rush to visit again .
however , i decided to give ihop one more try .
the eggs were very over cooked , and brown as was the bacon .
the french toast was okay but a little on the soggy side .
friendly but inexperienced waitress .
order was cold mess .
i ca n't even call it a hot mess .
the eggs tasted fake like they used an egg substitute .
they certainly were not real .
the waitress never checked the order to see if it was right or not .
the manager gave us a _num_ % off coupon for next time .
do n't get me wrong , i love ihop .
will never go to this ihop again
the cleanliness of ihop is always not so great .
it always smells weird in there and does not look visually appealing .
i understand but you should n't take that out on us .
food at ihop is n't that great .
it never fills me up and it always gives me stomach issues .
i would n't recommend ihop to anyone .
the 1st time my super nachos were very plain flavor .
so i gave it some time i decided to give breakfast a shot .
chorizo burrito added bacon and potatoes .
there low prices for sure .
they try too make there food like them anyways !
shredded beef in our tacos was burnt .
from a glance at their menu they are overpriced on just about everything .
really disappointed on how the food came out to be .
i ordered two al pastor tacos and one of asada .
the meat for the pastor was literally burnt just like their sign out front .
the asada was n't even finished cooking cause it was so chewy and bloody .
i ca n't believe that they would allow that food to the customers .
either way no excuse to give us such poor food .
the place was gross .
not sanitary .
my boyfriend was very hungry .
very very disappointing !
ca n't believe this , i only ordered cause i 'm _num_ months pregnant .
i was so disappointed , i was craving their greens .
the whole rotisserie chicken was pale and rubbery .
very poor quality chicken .
tried the new rotisserie potatoes , very old , hard , and burnt .
my cherry limeade had no cherry .
i was not pleased with this sonic .
this was the first and last time i do a transaction online with sonic .
even the receipt i received showed exactly what i wanted and paid for .
i gave the car hop $ _num_ .
she offered no apology , saying she needed to go inside to make change .
bad service .
dishonest .
thoroughly arrogant or just plain stupid .
very annoying .
he the went on to ask me what experience i have working with children .
his demeanor was rude cold and short .
the women at the front were both cold and rude .
its a whole in the wall that is hardly open .
wish i had not gone .
but i left disappointed with the full set nail i had done .
out of ten nail not s signal one matches .
was asked if everything was good , i told them not really .
did not offer to fix the problem .
not worth the $ _num_ i paid .
the thing that was not very pleasant was the guy that did my nails .
he was n't a very pleasant man .
he was pretty rude and should work on his attitude .
we 've tried this place a couple of times and we were not impressed .
they really need to switch it out for some good , warm italian bread .
overall , the lackluster service will keep us away .
hopefully you 'll have a better experience there if you try it out .
the food then was to die .
when we got there , the place was empty .
that should have been the first clue .
my date was n't impressed at all with her order either .
when i found out that the place had been sold , i understood completely .
the pork though , was just really bad - stringy and overcooked .
but consider yourself warned .
both times each dish was dry .
i did n't like the food much .
i would recommend this but not the food .
it is the worst thai food ever !
yeah , it 's cheap but the quality and expiration date ?
i ended up in emergency , they told me i had food poisoning .
bad experience !
this place is not good .
yelpers really let me down on this one !
it was a little disappointing but not a big deal .
lastly the chicken was on the dry side , still edible but dry .
then the main dishes ?
another _num_ mins ?
too close for comfort at the lanes when bowling next to another family .
i am still here waiting for him to finish _num_ hours later after waiting .
i am very unsatisfied with my experience .
prices seem a bit high , sales person was snooty .
they did refund my money and i will look elsewhere for flooring .
no .
the other times , not good at all .
the would n't even make eye contact when talking to me .
needless to say , i walked out .
terrible .
no human being should be treated as though they are below another .
worst clinic ever !
the staff here is very rude and very unprofessional !
staff really acts like is they know everything .
i would not recommend this location for any woman looking for decent care .
after sitting for _num_ minutes after my appointment time i approached the front desk .
very poor service and lack of caring for the patient .
she then apologized and told me she should have explained all this to me .
that should have been my cue to leave but i had already paid .
i left there upset but still went back for my follow up appointment .
never even told me about until i called to schedule an appointment .
honestly they 're serious rude for no apparent reason at all .
so ridiculous !
why does only one of the _num_ pharmacy staff members wear a name tag ?
worst walgreens ever !
_num_ rx they said would be ready in _num_ mins after _num_ i left .
back again and it 's been another _num_ in the drive thru !
if i could leave less than _num_ star i would .
please avoid this location .
they will fail you .
horrible !
their curly fries are always soggy and cold .
their hamburgers are cold and seems to be undercooked .
so far , _num_ weeks in and i 'm doing great .
not worth the food poisoning .
nasty breakfast food .
( supreme croissant ) .
go the nearby mcdonalds instead .
very disgusting .
i will not go back .
i went and after _num_ beers was kicked out with no explanation .
i did n't even pay for my drinks .
i just could n't be impressed .
but let 's get down to business .
the bar was terrible .
the selection was sparse , and disorganized .
the patio is also awkward .
i tried to think of reasons to bump this place up to two stars .
all the staff was very polite and courteous , except for one bouncer .
this to me is never a good sign .
i hate that .
but no rice ) .
i will not be going back .
best prices in town yes , but worst customer service .
do n't believe me ?
this place has terrible customer service .
this place has in equal parts , bad vibe and attitude .
everyone besides the girl are very rude .
honestly i leave there confused everytime .
just kill the chips on your shoulders .
i have a ugly side too except i know when to use it .
the guy on the phone was unprofessional and did n't want to be bothered .
they always have a bad attitude .
i 'd spend my money elsewhere .
i dropped my laundry off for the wash and fold service .
again , she was fairly rude over the phone .
at this point , after three disappointing conversations , i decided to do nothing .
sort of ruined my day .
he was horrible .
he then asked me in a sarcastic tone what i wanted to do .
something is wrong .
he would not even look at my top tooth until i asked three times .
i was in terrible pain and needed an emergency root canal .
unfortunately , i was wrong .
the dr did not inquire on my pain level .
this place is horrible .
new owners did nothing to improve it , but raised the prices .
nothing special about the place- just a neighborhood dive .
they are a nightmare !
having to repeat myself _num_ & _num_ times is not cool .
nope , sorry .
it was crispy , not overly sweet or spicey .
until about _num_ hours later .
then it became painful .
i knew it was coming and it was going to be hot .
very mediocre chinese food .
the low mein was just that ... noodles .
bland .
boring .
this place stinks like old fry oil and prices are high .
bad chinese food !
i can understand if i regularly board my dogs , but i do not .
i immediately cancelled my appointment and schedule with another groomer .
therefore , you will never have my business .
the groomer said no problem we can do that .
_num_ hours go by and no phone call .
and not to mention her toes were not cut either .
we did n't end up paying and went and ate somewhere else .
such a disappointment this place was , and over priced too .
avoid this place for the weekend lunch - the service was literally nonexistent .
so , i 'm sure you 're wanting to hear about the restaurant .
ugh , annoying .
when our food came out , our orders were wrong .
and the server did not even check in to make sure everything was ok .
is there not even one that has decent food ?
if not , well ... you get the picture .
not very good mexican food at all .
however the waiter was rude and very unhelpful .
i came here with my wife and daughter for some dinner .
the service was lackluster .
drinks ran low a few times and we had to ask for refills .
the chili relleno wrapped in an omelet was ... .
my daughter barely ate any of her two mini tacos .
these are terrible ! ''
we were very disappointed with our meal .
the waiter was nice , however , he only refilled our drinks like once .
because another table near us also had empty cups in front of them .
there is a guy that walks around and fills chips only .
but ca n't he refill drinks too ?
it was completely bland , boring and unappetizing .
i for one do not understand how this place has _num_ stars .
it is with much regret that i did n't write this sooner .
sadly i say , `` no more . ''
drinks ordered and they brought out chips and salsa quickly .
it was n't too substantial .
the good deal was _num_ margarita .
this is their version of the chicken chimichanga with jalapeo cream cheese .
the food was annoying .
nothing stood out .
not the jalapeo cream cheese , the beans , the rice , nada .
ah , manuel 's , what has happened to you ?
the waiter was incredibly rude and impatient .
he walked away as we were ordering .
food was disgusting .
wo n't be back ever again .
so i walked out .
never again will i order a pizza from that location .
such rude and careless service .
unbelievable .
i called right back to tell them they did not get the order correct .
she said she wo n't accept the card because my id does n't match .
nope , that wo n't do .
as a result , we will never order pizza from this store again .
the fact of the matter is , it 's the coke zero of pizza .
the pizza was _num_ min .
the crust was so thin you need your reading glasses to see it .
the sauce taste like salsa filler .
the wings were a soggy mess .
honestly the prices are too high .
we were hungry and tired and talked to manager .
she was snotty and rude .
customer service still horrible .
someone needs to teach the workers how to resolve customer complaints .
worst flower experience .
i ordered online to have a mixed bouquet delivered on mother 's day .
ruined the whole surprise .
not to mention the bouquet looked nothing like the picture .
wish i could post a picture on here .
this place is absolutely horrible .
therefore , i do n't go into the unit very often .
just a very frustrating experience and the personnel there were not responsible or reliable .
if i could give this storage facility a _num_ i would do so .
o.k .
i am looking forward to meeting them in person .
this place was not a good experience .
my husband knocked , proceeded to open the door .
have to say disappointed .
i had the absolute worst experience at this location .
please save your self time and pain and just do n't go here .
there is no possible way i can recommend this place .
they are really terrible .
basically ... too bad , take it or leave it .
ridiculous !
they need to stop !
noodles are overcooked , almost mushy .
well it was n't .
i was highly disappointed and i wish i could have gotten my money back .
no good .
i hate being so negative too .
he lost several customers tonight .
and the fact that it was also my birthday too made things worse .
would n't recommend this bar .
i would give _num_ or _num_ stars , but often the bartenders have attitude .
they still kind of act rude .
she wears glasses , has dark hair and is pale .
however , some of the staff members have a serious attitude problem .
the drinks are watered down .
i gave it two chances and both times the same issue .
ummm , you like sticky bar top ?
nasty ass place !
maricopa county health dept .
needs to shut that bitch down for real !
the date of my visit was saturday , august 8th .
i can assure you that i am not exaggerating my experience !
we left in _num_ minutes , wo n't go back .
not impressed .
the first time the staff was helpful , however today was the complete opposite !
very disappointed with the customer service .
i was not impressed with the way their ma handled my phone call .
she had no idea what half the charges were for .
i was a week late for taking a medicine that i can not miss .
i 'm never going back .
horrible service !
you feel rushed the whole time .
screw this place ... avoid it at all costs .
they should pay me to walk in .
last time i checked , customers at any business makes the paycheck .
wish i could give them zero stars .
they do n't want your business .
they refuse to honor subway coupons .
the employees act rude and condescending .
avoid this one at all costs !
it was relatively clean inside but there was no atmosphere whatsoever .
there was no music or anything , just utter silence .
what you 're doing is n't working at all .
i wish i could give negative stars .
this is by far the worst subway i 've ever been to .
terrible service .
horrible food .
awful , snotty service .
no matter ... .
the absolute rudest staff possible .
does the owner even know what is going on there ?
worst customer service experience i 've had anywhere in a long time .
went tonight , french fries were cold .
hamburger was cold .
it took _num_ min to get through the line at 7:30 at night .
in any event , they have poor customer service .
also , having to deal with poor management does n't help either .
the manager at night is the worst !
if anything is wrong with your food she will straight say ... .
yah , does n't work for me .
i avoid nights like the plague .
got there and the other guy noticed and took _num_ $ off .
never had a pizza messed up anywhere before last night .
when i walked into the store it was filthy .
the staff was rude .
i will never be back and i 'd advise you not go as well .
lady at desk very rude .
not friendly at all .
very arrogant in his thinking !
would strongly recommend looking for another doctor .
the doctor is fine but all of the supporting staff is totally substandard !
there 's no way she said that .
the new price was $ _num_ .
that 's right , _num_ new or _num_ used .
it is absolutely unacceptable for a business to operate this way .
bad idea .
but we wont be back .
changed my mind after the last interaction .
anyhow , her apathetic poor bedside manner turned me off .
they have now lost our business and we have three cats and two dogs .
it takes away the financial stress .
spent $ _num_ .
but no way .
so i will pay more money to try someone else .
totally underwhelming mexican food .
i mean , how hard can that be to mess up ?
lunch service was slower than expected - only _num_ servers but with _num_ parties .
they also serve tequila and margaritas yet have no bar .
is it terrible ?
no , but it is n't something to write home about .
it was a serious problem !
it was really bad .
i would probably not come here again .
i 've had two big problems with this place .
first , they take reservations but do n't honor them when you show up .
second problem came when i took my mom there for lunch .
anyway that was _num_ months ago and i wo n't go back .
not just anyone can create a fake coupon and post on that site .
the food is okay but the service is horrible .
wo n't ever go back being treated like that .
the food itself was good but lacked spice .
it is just an ok place to eat .
chips were tasteless , pretty sure my enchiladas were made with alfredo sauce .
nothing was fresh , just loaded with fat .
if said restaurant fails this test , i do n't come back .
the food is total generic mexican food .
the chips were slightly stale .
over the last six months this place has went downhill fast !
the service is just not what it use to be .
very very sad .
the chip and salsa lady made more visits the waiter .
we were told _num_ minutes and waited _num_ minutes .
ok no problem it was really busy and lots of big parties .
anyway the fish taco dinner is what i ordered and it was terrible .
fish was greasy , dark , and burned .
tasted bad like it was fried in old oil .
service was polite but super slow .
it was a bad first experience and a last one for me .
very disgusting .
this time _num_ of them were not included .
but i ca n't risk this happening any longer .
oh well ... you live and learn , i guess .
i will not come back here , ever .
it was n't relaxing , professional , or worth my money at all .
definitely the worst experience i 've had at a nail salon .
they were ignorant and racist .
should be more careful who they say these things around .
this is the absolute worst place i 've ever been to .
i wouldnt go there if the services were free .
when we walked in the place was so dirty and dusty .
the two girls doing the pedis did n't even know what they were doing .
this place did n't do that .
not a professional business at all .
please dont waste your money .
typical shady auto repair place , staffed by under experienced techs .
to the point that i 'm willing to give them another shot .
oh and their prices are n't quite impressive .
moreover , i would wait over an hour ( sometimes _num_ hrs ! )
a hundred dollars more than the part costs retail ?
what a darn shame !
the mechanics at this location are idiots .
the management is awful !
the staff is completely incompetent and lack integrity .
i do not trust the mechanics to touch my car again .
there was just a judge feeling and i did n't like it .
the waiting room chairs are not plus size friendly at all .
it was nuts and that is unheard of .
it 's because the doctor was n't comfortable with my size obviously .
they cancel appointments like it is nothing .
my advise to you : find a better caring professional doctor !
i left my first appointment still feeling clueless .
a couple weeks later , i had a terrible sore throat .
the staff was very unprofessional and apparently very unorganized .
customer service is terrible .
2nd note : stopped by today , july _num_ .
this has been going on since october _num_ .
3rd note : still no call .
insurance is no good if your agent is not on your side .
total joke !
camera 's in the bathroom !
this is the worst chinese food you will ever eat .
then , you 'll get to taste it again as it comes back up .
far superior food for less money , and you wo n't throw it up .
hunan lamb - sorry , no lamb today .
mongolian beef : not spicy .
chili oil not hot , so it never did get spicy .
_num_ ) oil tasted old .
why yes i do .
oh yea , i almost forgot to mention the entree 's .
just do n't go .
i did not have the best experience however .
i felt a little insulted since i had the cut before .
when i got home and styled it , it was an absolute mess !
i was thoroughly disappointed and had to get a cut at another salon .
i would not recommend this salon unless you want a simple , plain cut .
i want to get it all -- cut , color , highlights .
she can tint it for me for an extra $ _num_ !
`` just go home , wash your face , put some makeup over it .
in _num_ days you , wo n't even know . ''
based on the reviews , i thought i would try this place out .
that was a mistake .
needless to say , i will not be going back here .
was n't horrible , was n't good either .
it was very disappointing and i wo n't be ordering again .
treated dogs like little babies .
in the _num_ months i had been going here this never happened !
what a beautiful place to get robbed .
they mentioned it as is it were a courtesy .
however , they still pushed the `` kitten package '' my first visit here .
that really bothered me .
i am not a cheap person .
they are too expensive .
long story short , the doctor was about _num_ minutes late .
my daughters eyes are fine , no thanks to this eye specialist !
horrible !
someone had confirmed my appointment for my .
i have been a client with my kids for _num_ years .
billing hung up on me and they cancelled my appointment .
this appt has been scheduled for six months .
not very good customer service .
they were n't even nice about it .
he is good with her and very attentive during appointments , never feel rushed .
he would get all _num_ stars .
however , the support staff is unbelievable .
unfortunate .
arizona pediatric eye specialist customer service is the worst .
i asked for the direct number & was told they could only transfer me .
i had an emergency with my son that required him to see a specialist .
i 'm pretty sure they never clean the waiting room .
not to mention stained chairs and a disgusting bathroom .
( probably so he could get lunch ) .
should n't they make sure that all the equipment is clean after each patient ?
the front desk staff is unfriendly and does n't pay attention to the desk .
this is a pediatric dr and waiting is just no big deal to them .
horrible !
please do not try to make an appointment at this office .
my daughter does n't like the doctor .
my review is only of the billing practices and billing staff at this office .
do not go here if you care about your child .
this place is horrible .
was not happy with the campus or the staff .
worst management company i have ever seen .
complete incompetence in every area .
whatever you do , stay far away from this company .
he said `` yes , but i am not going to bother him '' .
worst management company i 've ever rented from .
numerous calls and emails still with no response .
we were of course approved and the rent was raised by $ _num_ .
there were dead scorpions and roaches all over the place .
the house was left in better condition then when we had moved in .
if you can avoid it then stay away .
it 's bad business to screw people over .
very , very poor communication .
once contract signed , service ends .
they are paid _num_ % of monthly rent for nothing in return .
i mean really , it 's january and _num_ degrees outside .
i guess i wo n't be giving this location my money any time soon .
very unprofessional , a complete joke , and a total waste of time .
only complete morons would let business walk out the door .
i made all payments on time as requested .
every time i go , they do n't have what i 'm looking for .
waiting is how most of the time is spent at this location .
waiting _num_ minutes after the scheduled time of your appointment to get called back .
waiting _num_ or more minutes to see the dentist after your cleaning .
just let that image sink in a little bit .
ok , so i finally decide to take advantage of my insurance .
then they take my x-rays , not bad .
but then to see the dentist i sat around for another _num_ mins .
they take out old fillings and put in new ones .
appt at _num_ am .
did n't see the first of us until 10am .
she said the hygienist was nice though .
he was not missing that tooth .
took _num_ hours to see _num_ out of _num_ of us .
were n't very friendly .
very disappointed .
very incompetent .
would not recommend to any friend or family member .
more of their shoddy work .
i wish i could give negative stars .
seeing these other reviews does n't surprise me .
it is very small and cold waiting room .
and , the front desk do not appear to be happy .
if i could give them negative _num_ stars , i would .
it feels old and dirty .
the dentists are very unprofessional .
one dentist i had was in a rush .
went for the first time to hear a co-worker sing and sing myself .
terrible place .
i 've only been here once but thoroughly unimpressed .
she then left once again to go smoke .
the mixed drinks are watered down and the beer is usually flat .
it 's hard to review a hot dog .
it was n't soggy .
in a pinch , i 'd go back .
the food is always amazing but sadly , customer service is totally lacking .
she was very rude and unpleasant .
service sucked rude not friendly .
the office is short , rude , and does n't want to actually work .
my other complaint is how long it takes to be seen .
i have never been treated so poorly in my life by a professional .
very disappointed and wo n't be coming back .
go somewhere else .
this is probably the worst daycare i have ever dealt with .
i 'm relieved i will not be dealing with this daycare again .
been up all night sick .
a friend of mine got sick from eating at the downtown at the location .
sorry , but i feel i need to post for the safety of others .
needles to say i wo n't be going back .
such a shame .
no sense of urgency with a line going out the door .
i love chipotle but just had the worst experience .
this is the worst chipotle location .
bad service .
horrible staff .
they are never attentive , and i always have to repeat myself multiple times .
i will drive further for a better chipotle experience .
i guess i should have been watching .
their mild salsa was old and mushy !
prices are high , staff was nice .
but if you want real mexican food this is not the place .
the staff was not welcoming .
i felt very rushed to order my food .
the lady making it talked so fast i could barely understand her .
she did n't even make eye contact .
buy one get one free and buy something and get chips and salsa free .
they would n't let me use both .
i have used these before and have never been told no .
customer service was terrible this visit .
was it too long to make three tacos instead of a bowl ?
will be last time i come here , i would steer clear !
_num_ hours , _num_ minutes -- total time for an extremely simple physical .
stay away unless you have hours to waste !
very long wait even if you do the online appt thing .
would not bother coming here again .
the doctor said there was nothing he could do .
really doctor , nothing you can do ?
only gave it to stars because my last interaction went well there .
total waste of time and money .
i saw that the company responded to my review below .
i contacted them , trying to voice my frustration and concern .
they never responded to my email .
big deal out of ordering first .
that _num_ minutes was spent second in line .
they did n't get anyone through .
they failed that chance .
what a horrible experience at this location !
i repeated my order _num_ times to the boy at the drive through .
i then repeated it again and he still got it wrong !
so i had to repeat my self with this trashy woman .
i 'm surprised it did not break !
i would rather go to the location on peoria then deal with these idiots !
as we got home my son was eating his blizzard and it was wrong !
not the greatest both greatest .
i said the house special chicken meal and she ordered the orange chicken meal .
it is just ok .
there was no soda fountain , only canned soda .
bathroom is ok ... light switch was dirty and seat was left up .
so i lost weight sweating while eating lunch .
ugh .
not great ; not the worst ( like buffet ) .
a knife might have been a nice to have , but none was offered .
i would probably go back in winter for my next visit .
ok so this was my first time going here .
- this is more like a sweet soy sauce chicken .
the sauce was not very thick at all .
- was n't very good at all .
yes sesame chicken is supposed to be sweet , but not this sweet .
the crab puffs were barely edible and the wontons were not edible at all .
the only decent thing we got were egg rolls .
wo n't be back .
the food was terrible i was disgusted .
she was extremely rude .
this was the worst experience i have ever had at any restaurant .
the fried rice was just way below my expectation .
wo n't go back even it is a lot cheaper .
not good .
this place sucked .
ordered orange chicken with fried rice and could hardly stomach it .
some of the worse chinese food i 've had in awhile .
i ordered through yelp , i did think that was neat .
einstein 's served stale bread on my tuna sandwich today !
so it was my fault ?
same deal , bread was still too stale to bite through the crust .
they just would not acknowledge their stale bread .
bad customer service - i will not go back to this einstein 's .
it 's bagels , ca n't really mess them up .
i did n't appreciate that horrible customer service .
i 'm not eating there again !
wish there was a good alternative nearby .
every time i come here , my order gets messed up .
not sure why the food and coffee are never hot enough .
the store is too small .
it is not big enough to accommodate their customers .
the tables are too few and too close together .
also , why is a starbucks right next door ?
normally they 're super busy , which i totally understand and am use to .
i waited _num_ minutes for a simple sausage and egg bagel with a chai .
because she wanted to be sure they were made correctly , i 'm sure .
it was a wreck in there and i felt so bad for everyone working .
i watched _num_ orders get messed up within _num_ mins .
another person got the wrong order .
and no it was not even busy .
i used to live by this einstein 's and would visit it regularly .
typically i wait 5-7 minutes tops , even when it 's busy .
and waited ... for _num_ minutes .
this is not how you run a business !
this location will never get our business again .
ok i can only say this : wtf ?
no wonder this chain is having financial problems .
nor did they have any staff that cared about helping anyone find anything .
terrible pharmacy !
ca n't say how many times they have messed up my prescriptions .
this place just sucks !
the restroom had no soap , no paper towels and no toilet paper !
the store manager must not have any pride in his store .
just a sad place .
unacceptable !
worst place ever !
why would you even have empty bottles on the shelf ?
they never did go back and tell her she was done .
she 'd still be sitting there if she had gone alone .
dont waste you time here .
i 've actually been here before and it 's typically hit or miss .
in the meantime , i was browsing through the gel polish color options .
unfortunately , they were noticeably crooked and uneven .
this place used to be really great .
the tellers here are always super slow and the line is always super long .
go somewhere else for your business needs where you will be taken care of .
_num_ at the most .
always a long wait no matter what time of day i 've stopped by .
this is quite possibly the worst branch of this bank in the entire city .
literally i could go on for an hour .
if i had wanted to do that , i would have .
really , you have no time to help me ?
he was busy in his office chatting with another employee .
he let me know that one employee had to leave for a family emergency .
take my advice and avoid this bank .
im closing my account and going to wells fargo .
terrible all the way around !
nothing helped .
after awhile , i start to feel bad .
real bad .
then they decide gee guess we better keep her overnight just in case .
meanwhile , my pain is still there .
it feels like a steel band is around my chest .
do these people not talk to each other ?
oh and lets not forget the wonderful breakfast .
next time maybe i will try john c lincoln .
the employees here are just too stressed out at times .
the receptionist had an attitude and was really irritating me .
so again , not a horrible hospital just expect touch and go service .
there is no estimate or anything .
my estimate was thursday to monday some time .
worst doctor ever !
actually banner is known for useless , lazy , and inconsiderate employees !
pathetic !
banner thunderbird sucks so bad for their pediatric patients .
this is a joke when you come at 10pm with a sick child .
i 'm going on _num_ right now .
finally , i switched doctors to another group out of frustration .
yes , it is that bad !
i would never ever suggest anyone use this poorly run place .
horrid place : you have been warned !
the nurses cared more about how old i was then my sons health .
you guys need to hire better doctors cause the ones you have are useless .
thank god i live in california where they actually care about the patients .
fluids and to be sent home .
i called _num_ and he was rushed right back to banner thunderbird hospital .
in _num_ hours , not once was she offered any pain medication .
she also developed a headache and was not offered relief for this either .
this was not excellent in any way .
it 's so unsafe , i believe it should be closed down .
the nurse pushed three iv medications into my son and never ever returned .
i was standing outside the door yelling for help !
it was atrocious !
then he walked out and i never saw anyone again .
i ended up pulling his iv out myself and walked out of there .
no one ever cared or noticed .
people that got there 3-4 hours after us were leaving before us .
after i complained , we were seen , treated and home within two hours .
we were there a total of _num_ hours .
she just leaves my room after her fit .
charge nurse never shows up .
i called banner and told them and they really did not seem to care .
very very slow response .
no answers from any member of staff .
horrible experience .
i 'm extremely disappointed in back office staff for this company .
i called _num_ days after visiting to check on the status .
then , it could take another _num_ days for insurance approval .
this place is the worst !
the office support staff has absolutely no clue .
i advised her i would like to talk to the supervisor regarding this incident .
to which i replied , `` i 'm not yelling .
wtf is wrong with you , lady ?
this one apparently is n't .
was too greasy for my taste .
that stuff completely from now on .
their sell by date .
i was not impressed with this restaurant at all .
the food was extremely disappointing .
walked around the corner to find the waitress asleep .
went here to village inn for the first time , and it was awful .
the bathrooms were not clean and smelt super bad .
_num_ minutes later i get my meal .
no bacon .
you ca n't remake my sandwich ?
this restaurant gave me the worst service ever .
worst restaurant experience ever .
wo n't go back .
went over to the chinese restaurant across the street and had a great dinner .
so i guess i can say thank you village inn for being bad .
if i could give this zero stars , i would .
i ran to the toilet and was met by my dinner from this place .
my daughter , granddaughter and i had breakfast there this morning .
i had _num_ cups ... my daughter had one .
all we got for an additional $ _num_ was an empty cup .
spoke to management which said the would remove from the bill .
ca n't imagine such a person could do the job and not getting fired !
half a star would be better suited for this place .
too much attitude .
even with that though it is still the worst fast food around .
slow .
this is not fast food .
and they want _num_ dollars and hour .
i am beyond disgusted with this location .
it 's still only worth one cent .
received a one thousand dollar charge for an ear infection !
called to discuss bill never received a return call from billing department .
ridiculous .
this is not an urgent care .
just ice it and try to stay off it .
waiting a month or so she made an appointment elsewhere .
they will rip you off , lie to you & take advantage of you .
never again will i do any business with them .
what a hidden gem !
central nails will be my new go-to pedi place !
i love it !
every one is friendly and they know what they are doing .
kim is a real professional .
we loved the foot and leg massages and never felt rushed .
very reasonable !
will definitely be back !
very pleasant people , good service , no hard sell and great prices .
amazing !
everyone there was very friendly and welcoming and i had a great experience .
fair price , great service and very clean !
so happy !
just moved to the area and i think i found my new nail spot !
$ _num_ for a great acrylic set is nice !
thanks central nails !
love this place !
they are all very sweet !
very clean facility !
will definitely be going back .
i love my nails and had a great experience here .
oh , and they have christmas lights up ... i was in heaven !
it 's perfect !
she was really nice and happy to help me .
i think i just found my regular nail spot .
i highly recommend this place .
she did an awesome job on both !
nice ladies with quick but detailed fill and pedi .
nothing fancy , just a nice little nail shop .
he was very kind and fun to deal with .
i am glad i took a chance on central nails and will definitely return !
they took me right in which i deeply appreciated .
i loved my manicure !
beautiful work !
my nails grew out and still the polish looked great .
this place is absolutely wonderful !
thanks , central nails , for helping me in my hour of need .
my new favorite place !
my nails look gorgeous !
the ladies are soooo sweet and funny too : ) the prices are excellent !
i will be back , and they even guaranteed their work for two weeks .
this place was very friendly and clean .
and he 's very funny !
for sure will go back !
it was quiet , calm and clean , and such good prices .
i brought in a photo and love my manicure !
service was good and the ladies and gentleman were friendly !
the two ladies i was with got gel manicures which were also done well .
she was aware i was short on time and did an amazing job .
the staff was very nice and attentive .
i will definitely go back !
i got the best gel manicure and pedicure .
highly recommend it !
i have natural nails and always get a gel manicure .
they are accommodating and always fit me in .
affordable , professional and excellent !
easy , fun and professional .
nails always turn out amazing and the staff is so much fun !
great service , reasonably priced .
i moved to the area recently and am thrilled to have found this place !
been coming here for months , since i 've moved in the area .
i almost always have the gentleman that works this location doing my nails .
he is great !
my nails love you guys , thanks for all you do !
such a great place .
got one of the best gel manicures i have ever gotten !
will definitely be going back !
we love this place !
we loved this place .
did a great job on our toes too !
good selections of polish and the nail art ca n't be beat .
great way to get out of the heat too .
love this place !
the luxury pedicure was really fantastic and a great price !
i definitely recommend this place .
loved my event tuxedo nails !
i very much enjoyed this place very nice and awesome people .
great job !
my feet are so refreshed and what great detail !
thanks diane and lee !
they were all kind and very attentive .
first time here and it was a great experience .
so happy !
my tech , bear was great !
very friendly , talkative and precise with my nails .
my friends nails turned out flawless as well .
so happy !
my tech , bear was great !
very friendly , talkative and precise with my nails .
my friends nails turned out flawless as well .
love this place !
reasonably priced , and a terrific pedi .
one of the best nail salons i 've been to .
the attention to detail was fabulous .
i would recommend this salon to everyone .
excellent service & great price point !
friendly , clean & professional .
it was a very friendly and professional environment .
i went to have gel done and my friend got a pedicure .
kevin did my nails and he was a delight !
very nice and talkative and dealt with my changing mind !
overall a very good experience and i will definitely be coming back !
amazing service from an incredibly friendly staff !
the place was very clean and put together with bright lighting .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone !
now this is how it 's done !
great service .
they are gentle too .
and i will tell all my local friends .
central nails is the best !
susie is great !
highly recommend !
i love the people at the new place and she did an awesome job !
bear did my nails today and he did a great job .
thank you ms. susie , she was great and very helpful .
she also made my friend and i feel comfortable .
quality work that lasts !
when you come expect great work and a fun atmosphere .
they did a great job on my feet and hands !
i will go back for sure !
they were friendly and very easy going .
prices are better than most places !
my daughter also got her eyebrows waxed .
love this place and will definitely go back .
a rare authentic gem in phoenix .
this is the best french bakery / bistro in the valley .
his french pastry chef is extraordinary .
all of the pastries here are truly awesome .
but , the after dinner or before movie treats here are very good .
the pastries are , indeed , great .
nice option for a peaceful lunch .
ok -- here 's why i really love this place .
totally decadent !
you ca n't put a price on such good nature !
went back the next morning for breakfast , very good eggs .
it is my new favorite french place in phoenix .
au petit four makes amazing french pastries !
i have visited au petit four twice and i love it !
it 's very small and has wonderful service .
my favorite reason to visit is dessert !
they have marvelous french pastries !
breakfast is delicious too !
au petit four was a fabulous lunch find !
simple decor , nice patio and plenty of tables .
lunch was so tasty !
the soup was a minestrone and it was so fresh !
their iced coffee is spectacular .
my friend introduce me to this bakery and i love it .
love their pastries , all of them , just awesome !
true french bakers !
their pastries and sandwiches are delicate and so beautifully made !
true works of art and one can tell they care !
such personable people !
this place was delicious .
i really enjoyed this place !
sunday brunch seemed like a good time to check it out .
i really love this new location .
they are the best in the valley .
the owner is really friendly .
it is a little expensive but it is well worth the money !
love this quaint little place .
great little place .
he told me on saturday they have special dinners and a dj .
will be back !
best croissants i had in arizona !
owners are very nice and friendly .
decided to try something new for our date night and omg !
what a wonderful surprise .
the food is amazing and can not be more authentic .
the owner is very friendly and attentive .
it was a nice relaxing meal and one that my wife absolutely loved .
all were fantastic .
the food was great and the atmosphere was fun and interesting .
delicious and a wonderful experience !
the owners were so engaging , thankful and kind .
this place is the real deal ... check it out !
this place was great .
we enjoyed how small and authentic it was .
i loved this place .
the food was good .
eat the quiche .
love this place !
just found out they are closed !
and above all for macaroons to go .
i loved the ambiance just such a cute place with character .
i have yet to find macaroons that have been so delicious !
price is great !
this place is great !
everyone here is extremely friendly , and makes you feel like family .
friendly service .
i 'll be back for their friendly and quick service .
a great selection of independent , organic and healthy choices .
the staff is always friendly and helpful .
there are certain items that i always buy at trader joe 's .
my most favorite is their orange flavored chicken .
it is low in calories and is so easy and fast to make .
i serve it over rice and i have a great dinner .
my husband loves it too .
have a tasty dinner .
very very good and at a great price .
i practically live here !
i love trader joes !
really cool place .
i absolutely love trader joe 's !
their prices are really reasonable too .
just a fun place .
great selection of food .
trader joe 's is the best .
trader joe 's is a constant winner in a sea of shady grocery stores .
tj 's is a nice grocery store ... clean and convenient .
the employees have been , for the most part , friendly and helpful .
i just know one day they 'll pull my ticket from the fish bowl !
the quality of their food here is awesome .
fresh vegetables , lovely meats and cheeses .
and that 's why i 've loved the place .
i felt they were in my corner , and i still do today .
thanks for the big organic selection .
you 're the best .
a trader joe 's with a good parking lot , what a gold mine !
all the great things about trader joe 's are to be found here .
the gym next door helps bring in some good looking customers .
makes great cheeses at home !
their salad mixes are awesome and are what i 'm currently hooked on .
very friendly staff that are always helpful .
good thing that the boss is n't at work today !
food is fresh and good .
everything is a good price , including the vino .
sometimes they even have fabulous samples !
, personal hygiene items , snacks , desserts , and so on .
keep up the greatness guys !
love shopping here !
just moved into the area and went to this location .
i also love their mediterranean feast meal .
they have so many different items and prices are very reasonable .
i highly recommend trader joe 's .
love this place .
always great , interesting and new healthy things to try .
impeccably clean and staff is always friendly .
the prices are average for tj 's , but it is all quality ingredients .
best selection of cheeses and wines and the tv dinners are also awesome .
they also carry gorgeous flower arrangements cheaper than most other stores in the valley .
this is my favorite tj .
fans of trader joe 's can be a bit extreme .
i love you .
love is a strong word but i love you .
same same and all good .
omg so good .
first the employees are amazing .
last but not least the prices on everything in the store are excellent .
happy yelping .
they have a good variety of specialty items , including gluten-free foods .
clean , had some pretty good prices and a lot of the goods .
it is always friendly and clean at this location .
everyone i have encountered working here is friendly and helpful .
great soup sample , which we ended up buying .
love that stuff .
always fun to shop at trader joe 's .
always kind , and helpful , and smiling .
it 's pretty darn pleasant .
enjoy .
very nice staff !
it 's always packed in here & i 'm not surprised !
quality food !
love tj 's !
stores are always clean and spacious .
got a few snacks and crackers for my ride home .
this location was quaint and very clean !
the staff is always very helpful !
great place for groceries .
i definitely recommend stopping in for a quick lunch .
love this store ... ca n't get enough of it .
this store always makes me happy .
staff is really friendly as well .
clean , great selection , and super friendly service .
on top of this , tj always has great stuff to eat and drink .
i love that they always have new items as well !
the best trader joes i 've ever been to !
everyone is so helpful and friendly !
plus the flowers are always beautiful !
wonderful tj 's in the same strip mall as whole foods .
wow .
so happy i found this store .
great location !
it 's the perfect walk from our place to grab some lunch .
everyone is always so nice and the food is always great !
i am a loyal fan and always will be .
of course a visit here is wonderful .
their flowers are amazing and cheap !
besides the great prices and unique finds , the customer service is superb .
i love this tj 's .
staff is awesome and always greets you with a smile .
they all take pride in their food and have some great suggestions for recipes .
the staff is always friendly and helpful .
they also have amazing prices on there frozen fruits for my smoothie .
thanks trader joe 's you saved the day !
this is a great location .
it is clean and well organized .
the produce is beautiful .
the beer and wine section is huge , easily 1/3 of the store .
super staff , super selection , this store rocks !
love this trader joe 's !
all of the employees are always so nice and helpful !
the employees are great !
they 've got the best , most unique junk food ever .
fuck whole foods .
tj 's is far superior in quality and price of their home brand .
the pre-made salads and meals are so fresh and out of this world delicious .
staff is always helpful and friendly !
love me some trader joe 's !
i go to trader joes often and the staff is always friendly and helpful !
love trader joes !
i love their cheese selection .
i love me some trader joe 's !
thank you , george , from the bottom of my heart .
this place is awesome !
they staff was fantastic , and so were my fellow shoppers .
ace is the place !
which is cool !
i love this ace !
the people are always nice and helpful .
some lady at the gas station told me i should go to ace hardware .
the attitude of the staff is terrific .
from the front to the back , this store is the best !
ace is the place !
this ace is probably the best hardware store in phoenix .
score !
this store rocks !
it was truly amazing service for what would ultimately be a $ _num_ sale .
the employees are very helpful and friendly and the selection is great .
this is a great hardware store !
very clean , well stocked and organized .
the employees are very helpful and always available .
as a matter of fact , there is also a food city there !
i also like that the local hardware store is alive and well .
the staff here are awesome !
love this place !
employees are so helpful and the store is clean and organized .
staff is very helpful and friendly .
i 'm thrilled people love this place as much as i do .
ace is right down the road and has terrific service .
the whole trip took about five minutes .
easy .
i love that it 's smaller and thus , everything is easier to find .
five star customer service all the way .
this is a great ace hardware .
the people inside are always helpful and friendly .
friendly staff , great service and prices that rival the big box stores !
good , helpful and knowledgable advice .
love our local ace store !
always willing to help and a real pleasure .
great customer service !
scott is amazing .
this ace is great !
the customer service is top notch , so refreshing for this day and age .
their paint is always incredible .
always plenty of employees to bug you and ask if you need any help .
this is a great store .
terrific store in a wonderful shopping center .
men 's selection was plentiful as was the terrific service provided by hector .
i was pleased to find a selection of black label options as well .
she was friendly and we talked about families and children with ease .
the ladies did a fabulous job !
i absolutely love this place .
the food is always perfect and the service is unmatched .
the service was impeccable , as was the entire restaurant .
what a pleasant surprise - especially on a friday night .
they have their grill night buffet and it is soooo worth it .
sushi stand .
bistro _num_ has really nice food with an excellent and interesting bread assortment .
food was pretty good .
the absolute best pancakes i 've tasted anywhere in the world !
somehow they have perfected the art of making crisp bacon with no grease !
and their fresh squeezed orange juice is the best .
excellent service and great tasting food .
i had the chicken caesar salad and it was great .
omg , everything was so so so good .
the service was excellent !
this restaurant has a great menu selection .
great place !
just amazing !
the service was great and the hotel is beautiful with holiday decor .
i ordered the cob salad and it was really good and filling .
it was not a cheap lunch but it was a very good lunch .
the atmosphere is absolutely lovely and the service is top notch .
it was delightful .
the french fries were perfectly cooked and spiced !
food here was great !
but overall , the experience and food here is pretty great .
we had a wonderful experience .
the food was delicious and the service was top notch .
they do it right here .
the salmon was some of the best i 've ever had !
the ahi tuna entree here is the best in town .
the service is consistently top notch as well .
it is expensive , but worth the price !
the food is always excellent and the service top notch .
the hotel is a very simple and tasteful way to enjoy the holiday season .
wait staff excellent .
but here goes ... it was magical .
it 's a delightful way to spend an afternoon .
well , we all loved it !
it was absolutely hilarious and we ca n't wait to see another production !
they are professional quality and very funny .
grab your rich boyfriend and make him take you to capital grille .
a great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy .
loved sitting outside on a spring night .
it was excellent .
loved it all , salads were great as well as the steak .
seldom had better service and the food was terrific .
heaven !
the fresh warm hot rolls were exceptional as well .
definitely a fun time .
both the service and food were excellent to say the least !
this fine dining restaurant definitely gets two thumbs up !
their signature martini was delicious .
amazing food and excellent service .
first , service is exceptional .
its pricey ... but great places like this should be .
best steaks , appetizers , salads , deserts ... .
just make a reservation , dress nice and have a taste bud treat !
the meal was delightful as well , of course .
our server made wonderful recommendations that were kid friendly .
i really enjoy their lobster bisque .
tasty .
i love the capital grille !
its my favorite side dish in the world .
they went above and beyond to make our night special .
thank you !
i highly recommend this venue if anyone is looking to host a private event .
thank you ann and capital grille !
i recommend the lobster and crab stuffed shrimp and sam 's mashed potatoes !
and if you 're feeling adventurous , the oysters are a great selection !
to the chefs at the capital grille ... well done !
the food is great , very relaxing .
we found the food excellent and the service impeccable .
thanks to sergio for a memorable evening .
wow wow wow !
yelp and capital grille really went above and beyond today !
thanks go to lindsey once again ... .
well done !
wow what an amazing elite event !
the service was fantastic !
the staff was very helpful and brought out delicious bites .
i liked the different spicy spin on the calamari dish .
thank you capital grill was hosting this wonderful event !
this is a great intimate affair with fellow elite yelpers !
huge thanks to lindsey and the yelp team !
_num_ is turning into a fantastic year of yelp events !
this event was phenomenal and one word stands out : class .
tons of great food and drink .
service was above and beyond amazing and the food was delicious .
dining at the cozy capital grille on a sunny afternoon was just delightful .
the food was delicious , the staff attentive , the lemonade was perfect !
the filet is melt-in-your-mouth tender and full of flavor .
the lunch plates are a great deal for a great lunch .
we also split the coconut cream pie , and it was so good .
cap grille is consistently good from city to city .
service is exceptional and the food is amazing .
i have always had a great meal here .
the food was excellent .
steak and potatoes just what a man wants !
it was very well done and finished with a _num_ berry cheesecake .
that being said ... this place is fantastic .
the food was perfect from the lobster bisque to the trio of ice cream .
it 's a favorite place of ours .
great steaks ... good desserts even better service !
food was exceptional in a very comfortable yet upscale setting .
always fantastic food always fantastic service .
this is my favorite restaurant .
the service is always top notch and they are on top of refills .
the valet out front is awesome and of course the overall atmosphere is great .
i was very impressed with the capital grille .
i just visited for my first time and had a great experience .
the service was top notch .
it was truly a vip experience !
he was remarkable .
top notch food and top notch service .
love appetizers and drinks at the capital bar !
the staff is friendly and attentive .
the brunch was spectacular !
the dessert choices kept kids and adults quite happy .
absolutely going back again .
excellent - great service and good ( not great ) food .
i 'd recommend it .
the food is always top notch including the new menu items .
tonight , sarah provided exceptional service and charm that added value to my experience .
fantastic !
impressed with the service , food and atmosphere !
very attentive and friendly .
service is something close to splendid .
best bar in town !
fabulous restaurant , and i 'm hoping my sons will take me there again .
but if your budget allows it , this is one terrific place to dine .
the food is excellent , the service is even better .
highly recommended for the serious meat eater .
one incredible appetizer is the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella .
you will be happy you did .
brian and jeannie are the best bartenders !
the kona steak was the best .
the interior decor is classic , warm and welcoming .
amazing experience !
great great service !
highly recommend !
excellent dinner , with superb service .
very nice touch .
sublime !
it was an adventure in dining and a memorable evening .
all at our table will be back !
however we made the best of the situation .
the main entrees were delicious .
the service was amazing !
food was great !
they did a overall great job managing the event , would go back .
just had one of the absolute best meal experiences in recent memory .
just a great meal , great service and great atmosphere !
well , it definitely did and it was very good !
the crme brle was creamy and fantastic .
visited the capital grill for a wonderful valentine 's dinner .
this was an excellent choice for our v day dinner , highly recommend .
one of the best american steakhouses .
pricey as hell , but well worth it .
the food and service are impeccable .
if you want good quality food , this is the place for you .
outstanding service , enthusiasm and a great experience with ricky .
amazing dinner and service !
filet was cooked perfectly .
pasta was amazing and the appetizers and desserts were amazing !
i can only imagine what the meat tasted like but everyone loved it .
great place for a great meal .
the chef added more and re mixed my salad and it was wonderful .
gorgonzola filet was phenomenal & my dad enjoyed his turkey dinner last night !
terry was our server and he was great !
definitely asking for him next time we go !
always a god choice .
awesome service , delicious food and great atmosphere .
it 's pricy , but worth every penny .
the food was delicious .
my filet was cooked medium rare to perfection and we ended with multiple desserts .
multiple servers helped us and i would go back over and over again .
i highly recommend !
i 've only been here once , but it was excellent .
they were outstanding .
the food was excellent .
perfectly prepared and delicious .
coconut cream pie was a perfect way to end the meal !
the , steaks , salads and deserts were fantastic .
thank you for making our evening so wonderful .
my friend ordered the ribeye sandwich .
both were very good .
mine was very tasty !
amazing customer service by a young gentleman , ryan .
he had great recommendations and impeccable service .
one of the best steaks that i 've had !
fantastic dinner .
highly recommended if you are in the area the service was fantastic .
the service is classic .
our server ken was fun , witty and charming .
the staff is extremely friendly and treated my mother and i very well .
this is fine dining at its best .
the food is wonderful and tasteful .
wow is all i can say .
this place is amazing !
i love the atmosphere , the food is always great and consistently good .
service excellent .
best place for lunch , always a _num_ star service !
expensive but well worth the experience .
my absolute favorite calamari ! ''
from start to finish , we enjoyed our visit .
this is a great restaurant .
the food is great .
i have tried the french onion soup as well and it is delicious !
the staff is very friendly and the service is great .
the place itself is very nice inside .
i definitely recommend capital grille !
a chain should always be a well oiled machine and this spot sure is !
attentive staff that 's knowledgable and recommends great options .
the food was fantastic and the service was excellent .
who knew that capital grille has amazing lunch specials !
the mustard dressing was so light and perfect .
i will most definitely be back soon for this fabulous salad !
it was worth every penny .
definitely one of the best burgers i have had to date .
this is by far my most favorite restaurant !
the service is impeccable and the food is awesome !
i 've celebrated my birthday here and special occasions .
wow just wow !
i absolutely saved room for dessert and it was well worth it .
i 'll definitely be going back .
excellent dinner !
best steaks ever !
the best service ever !
excellent food and drinks .
the staff is friendly and attentive .
the atmosphere is nice .
great food and service .
steak cooked perfectly .
overpriced food and wine but always consistent .
delicious and full of flavor .
the capital grille has become one of my new favorite places !
delicious !
but if you 're willing to splurge it was delicious !
the hubby brought me here for our anniversary dinner .
it was lovely .
my favorite steakhouse in phoenix .
everything was fabulous , and the crab legs were huge and sweet .
freakin amazing .
i always leave fat and happy .
great food and outstanding service .
had the mediterranean salad and was one of the best i 've had .
great place for a business lunch .
this place is awesome especially with the atmosphere .
very upscale feel with an affordable menu .
the staff is very friendly and extremely helpful .
to top it off dessert is good and to the point .
very easy menu and easy to find what you want .
delicious mother 's day brunch !
the lobster tails were so sweet !
restaurant week menu absolutely amazing .
everything amazing .
what an amazing experience !
the food and wine were absolutely delectable and paired with perfection !
the service from start to finish was awesome !
we are so grateful for such a wonderful evening !
fantastic .
hands down , best halibut i 've ever had .
this place is just good .
a good solid american dining experience .
david was very knowledgeable and we enjoyed ourselves .
looking for a good steak , quite intimate setting , definitely go here .
but tonight was exceptional .
the place to make a special occasion truly special .
great food nonetheless .
super tasty .
open all day .
super tasty and an excellent value .
everything was hot and delicious , as usual .
we love this place !
amazing the food is so good forget taco bell .
i 'm a huge fan of this little place !
the prices are reasonable and the food and service are great .
the food is fresh , delicious , and very well priced !
a neighboring table was ordering all appetizers instead of entrees and they looked wonderful .
i dig this spot !
everything is pretty good , even the location and the price .
the food is good , not great , but definitely above average .
loved it !
i got the special , chicken cesar wrap and it was great !
i will definitely return !
this place was my regular lunch spot for years .
but it 's consistent service and good food .
really a nice little find .
they were all really good and the price is definitely right .
i will definitely be back here again !
easy , tasty greek food served well in a nice environment .
staff is friendly and skilled ... they know their custom menu .
love this place !
great place and very quick !
the gyros are excellent , salads are always fresh tasting .
this is one of my favorite places !
i love the salads and pita sandwiches with fresh chopped cucumber and tomato !
meatballs are really good .
my girlfriend had the gyro pita and loved it .
we ordered in for work and it turned out great .
we will definitely go back !
delicious .
i 'll definitely be back !
the staff is quick and friendly , especially during the crowded lunch hour .
this is a great lunch place , i go here frequently .
the seating outside is awesome on a cool day .
the pita was delicious and the fries were nice and crispy .
great place for lunch .
reasonable price and food is always good .
all of us from our office order food from this place .
we just love the food !
great place for lunch .
good food and fresh .
great prices and love the owner !
day shift is friendlier the the night shift ... go for lunch .
its delicious , fast , inexpensive , you cant beat it .
food was tasty and well made .
as always , a good experience .
i highly recommend this place for fresh , delicious food .
this is a solid spot for good , fast and greek .
excellent , fresh mediterranean food .
amazing greek food !
staff is also always very friendly !
unusually delicious !
this place is great .
hummus is really yummy and comes with plenty of pita .
one of my favorite places in the area .
awesome greek fries !
the staff are amazing .
they are prompt to serve us and the food is always fast and fresh .
the falafel is truly homemade and the gyros have cucumber !
we definitely enjoy eating here .
the food was very good , generously portioned , and nicely presented .
we will definitely return .
i can always find a table , and they do n't rush me .
the service was very friendly and fast .
we started out with the hummus appetizer and it was really tasty .
you could tell the pita and hummus were both fresh .
both dishes were very tasty but the greek fries were amazing !
i 'm a fan of this place .
go and enjoy !
one of my favorite places to eat in this area of town .
food is great people are nice .
i enjoyed the outdoor seating a lot !
great service , good food , nice patio .
and i love the tropical tea , too .
the very best thing though is the service .
the girls are all so sweet !
this is a lovely place !
the food is tasty and reasonably-priced , and the vibe is great .
great food , chicken and gyros were fantastic !
wow , i have become a huge fan of this place !
the service is always amazing !
my favorite healthy treat after a workout .
always a great place to dine at .
great food , great prices , and a very friendly staff .
great restaurant !
highly recommended !
nothing fancy but some really good greek food !
my husband and i love this place !
so good .
just as good but with a bar .
overall , great place .
excellent gyros and pitas , tzatziki sauce is really good .
we 've always enjoyed the pita and hummus appetizer .
wait staff very friendly and efficient .
outdoor seating in nice weather is always a plus .
the spinach and artichoke dip is amazing !
i think the best i 've ever had !
please do yourself a favor and order this if you have never had it .
and the girls who are usually at the counter are always sweet and gracious .
one of my favorite places for greek good .
chicken pita sandwich is delicious !
i 'm in love with the their greek fries !
the wait staff was excellent .
they accommodated special requests beautifully .
the greek salad was excellent , and the portobello pita was outstanding .
as good as anything i 've had in the mediterranean .
the food and service were both good .
but they tasted very good .
fabulous !
fresh !
clean !
best french fries in the valley !
lemon feta fries mind you !
this place is always great .
the gyro pita sandwich was good , also comes in a wrap .
overall it was good and i would recommend it .
i have been here before but i just had the most wonderful experience here .
the buffet was better than the entrees but everything was very fresh .
we loved it .
dined here _num_ times and it has always been exceptional .
wine list is terrific and the food is very fresh .
plus the biltmore is just a beautiful place .
the architecture and design was beautiful .
this is definitely the place to splurge on yourself .
the food was fresh , the service was amazing .
you will leave this place satisfied beyond belief .
by far the best eggs benedict in all of phoenix/scottsdale .
the breakfast buffet that is included with your meal was amazing .
it is pricey but so worth it .
the food is elegant , sophisticated , and perfectly done .
the brunch buffet is beautiful and flavorful with a nice variety of cold items .
expensive , but well worth the price .
it was a lovely treat for the holidays !
an outstanding eatery .
one of the best meals i have ever had .
very nice dining experience .
the service and food were both amazing .
i love this !
also enjoy a few breakfast cocktails - you 'll thank me !
my wife took me here for my birthday .
we were very happy with wright 's !
the service , food , ambience ... everything was outstanding !
birthday celebration for my _num_ year old father who loved the seafood buffet !
my mother kept getting the pancakes with blackberry curd because they were so delicious !
excellent dinner for two here last night .
delicious beef wellington .
delicious chocolate something for dessert .
great ambiance and location .
the ambiance is fantastic !
the freshly prepared hot items were fantastic !
enjoyed dinner here last night , amazing service and good food .
the menu is small but good .
finished with a souffl ( pretty good ) .
overall it was a great experience !
sunday brunch was perfect !
coffee was excellent as was the service .
highly recommended !
we had a great meal .
the menu offers a varied choice .
all sounded delicious .
we enjoyed our choices .
wright 's lived up to it 's billing .
best food ever , service was amazing .
definitely an experience to eat here .
prefect spot for special occasions .
friendly , happy guests and staff .
good flow to the whole place .
good service , very good food and a nice wine list .
very nice brunch service .
everything was fabulous and the food was very good .
go hungry and enjoy !
just a fun day !
everything we had was really good but pricey .
great service , superb beef wellington .
this place was amazing !
great dinner experience .
i will definitely come here again .
tasty but very formal .
classy ambience .
great for business meals or when you need a nice intimate setting .
oyster , shrimp , crab ... and thats just to start !
definitely a five star !
bottomless mimosas and a great buffet and entree plate selection .
beautiful hotel and great atmosphere .
incredible atmosphere .
this is great place to have a romantic dinner .
birthday dinner was outstanding , food , wine and service .
highly recommend for special event dinners , expensive .
beautiful setting .
everyone has an equally important role and did their best .
it was all delicious and we truly enjoyed it .
we had a great time dancing and met a lot of cool people .
generally , the crowd is pretty laid back and chill .
i 'd definitely make the long trek again .
it 's great .
oh yeah , do i love my sister 's closet !
but it 's definitely possible to find a treasure or two .
if you have time to dig , i recommend my sister 's closet .
i love this store .
great selection of clothing in a boutique setting .
name brands at great prices .
love this place !
excellent quality designer clothing at reasonable prices .
service was very friendly .
i recommend this place to the shopper who values quality at affordable prices .
the stuff looked pretty new too , surprisingly .
impressive .
i love my sisters closet !
they have a great selection of clothing , in a variety of sizes .
plus , the prices are great !
i bought a top here for $ _num_ , and i love it .
this is my favorite stop for `` new '' work clothes !
i love my sister 's closet !
i almost always find something cute to wear here .
from shoes to clothing to purses , there 's something for everyone .
so exciting !
they have great prices and the staff is great too .
also they have the best selection of jeans in town .
excited about the new location !
super fun place to shop for high quality clothing and accessories at bargain prices .
good selection of evening clothes as we 'll .
other locations in town a fun day to bit them all .
good selection at the pima rd .
clean and well organized , good prices .
and i thought this was a solid consignment store .
really nice tex-mex .
great ambience and absolutely adorable bar tender .
and the second bar tender was really nice , too .
got the top shelf margs and a chef 's sampler .
seafood fajitas ... very good ... .
now that i moved away , i had to visit sam 's .
my recent , but admittedly brief , experience was terrific !
i loved the chips and salsa .
we shared an order of chicken nachos and omg ... were they good .
whatever creamy sauce was added was a wonderful addition .
and like i said above , the service was friendly and quick .
however my friend ordered the black and blue quesadilla and it was beyond fantastic !
so either way you will be having dessert .
michelle is amazing and i always leave extremely excited about my new color !
awesome customer service .
great products .
i love the decor and paradise valley vibe .
i had a massage here and loved it !
the staff is incredibly helpful and nice .
this tells me that the business is a passion not just an investment .
keep up the good work salon _num_ !
enjoy !
very , very fun place .
the place is huge , definitely crowded and definitely has a scene .
the food was all so good .
delicious .
very fun spot for scottsdale .
really good sushi and pretty good variety of other entree choices .
good drinks , good food , always busy too .
i have a different experience each time i eat here .
not always the best service .
my boyfriend did eat a piece of squid for me !
that is my best memory of zen _num_ .
creative and fun .
i mostly enjoy the atmosphere and the drinks here .
love the veggie rolls !
i especially enjoy their tataki dishes .
i like the quality of their salmon .
i enjoy their martinis .
i like their happy hour .
by far the best sushi in phoenix .
one of my top restaurants !
great ambiance .
this is a good place for happy hour with a date or friends .
i 'm happy to go to zen _num_ again .
i 'll keep going , and hopefully my standards stay about the same !
this place is delicious !
great happy hour prices as well !
thank you !
the atmosphere is nice .
they have a great bar and patio .
my new favorite sushi place in the valley .
best sushi happy hour !
i 've been here four times now and each time it 's outstanding .
everything i had was tasty , and the service was friendly and prompt .
i 'm absolutely looking forward to coming back !
my fave sushi spot in phoenix .
nice atmosphere , great for a couples date .
pricey but good .
my favorite sushi happy hour in town !
also check out gelato spot - which is across the street - for dessert .
the bartenders are fantastic , funny , and remember your order .
good bye , dear zen .
total win !
this place is great !
they are really trust worthy .
very knowledgeable , great prices , easy to do business with .
always great service .
consistently quality food .
i love their tostadas and even those are loaded now !
honestly , sometimes it seems like she 's on her own !
idk if she enjoys her job but her personality just shines through !
she 's just so genuinely kind !
the free wifi is an added bonus .
love the coffee , beautifully roasted and never bitter .
good pastries .
it 's close to home so it 's convenient .
they have the best coffee !
the staff is so nice too .
so you can enjoy a bit of gelato if you get bored with coffee .
i 'd recommend this to anyone .
they actually share a common wall .
they make really good coffee 's .
i especially enjoy their vanilla latte .
love love love this place .
in a world of starbucks , this is a rare gem .
the espresso beans are awesome & they will sell you some to take home .
they have a great selection of teas & brew every cup fresh .
the staff is super friendly and it is a great neighborhood atmosphere !
also , love the punch cards especially when i get a free one !
best place in arcadia to get a coffee or a tea .
the morning crew is very friendly , and the coffee is great .
they are really flavorful without tasting at all artificial .
very refreshing !
a great place to have a quality cup of coffee at a reasonable price .
a great combination to let you sit , relax and enjoy life .
the over ambiance is a winner and is worth the visit .
that is pretty impressive after a couple years .
that is impressive for a coffee shop .
it is the best place for coffee that i know of in the area .
my super favorite place for iced teas in the valley .
love the coffee , beautifully roasted and smooth .
i also love their lattes , make them just right !
just wonderful !
i love the coffee here .
a lot of friendly people hanging out .
the staff is always very nice and work efficiently !
i always get an americano which has great flavor .
best lattes in town , not to mention baristas .
super friendly and always remember your name and drink preference .
this place is cute and the staff is so nice and friendly !
they are the best !
speed of service is great .
baristas are friendly and easy going .
quaint , friendly coffee house !
no wonder they win all the coffee awards !
ok ... these lattes were good !
very good !
go get a hot latte and be happy !
really good coffee and friendly staff .
the coffee , hot or iced , is fantastic .
if you are in the area , i highly recommend going !
great coffee and muffins .
what a sweet aroma !
they have great lattes !
i 'll be coming back for sure !
love the coffee but the people who work there make it super star status .
great coffee and outstanding customer service !
always great service !
i continue to enjoy a stop here weekly .
always great customer service and great coffee .
it is only enhanced by the gelato next door , good stuff !
i personally love the italian soda they have .
so many favors to pick and all so good !
one of my favorite coffee pit stops on the way to work .
coffee is always good , sometimes the baked good disappoint .
i appreciate your response and put the stars back up .
that is good customer service .
friendly staff , great prices .
its tasty .
soooooo good !
the service is above and beyond !
perfect weather to be outdoors .
comfortable for me to write .
coffee is very good and they have almond milk !
love it .
their tea looks excellent too .
i 'll definitely be going back .
remember the cool coffee shops from the romantic comedy films this is it .
small , intimate and damn good coffee .
the gals that work here are always friendly and deserving of a tip .
great location , great selection and great staff !
great coffee , super nice staff and dog friendly patio .
i never feel rushed and they always my the best coffees and bakery items .
pastries are amazing and i often get a coconut latte .
perfect little hang out spot for when you have some free time as well .
it 's got a nice , local coffee shop vibe and friendly staff .
worth a shot if you 're in the neighborhood .
it was good .
very good , in fact .
not blow my mind great , but very solid .
great coffee shop , the atmosphere is relaxing and the decor is updated .
this is delicious coffee .
there is always great customer service .
love this spot !
super friendly staff , got ta love the iced coffees !
yes because the place is also a local establishment !
staff is awesome and always friendly .
the coffee is top notch .
one of the best coffee spots in phoenix !
love love love !
loved my first , quick experience here .
baristas were super sweet , espresso tastes wonderful and all flavoring options higher quality .
this place is really great .
it is run by locals and the coffee and tea are excellent .
beyond the best green tea i have ever had .
i normally never drink tea and this is the best i have ever tasted .
you could taste the love i their tea !
such a cute place !
the tea selection is amazing and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
great chai latte .
wonderful friendly service !
in general , great coffee and mediocre food .
friendly and engaging staff .
the customer service is what really wins me over at this place .
this has been my favorite coffee place for almost five years .
season is my favorite barista .
she always knows how to make a new excellent drink .
they also provide free wifi which is nice .
the staff and owner are warm , welcoming and delightful .
i 'm always impressed when this happens anywhere !
delicious delicious delicious .
i 'll definitely be back sooner than later !
really good beans .
i 'm happy to support this local business .
great coffee shop in arcadia .
they are fast , courteous , and brew a great coffee .
it was actually pretty good .
but the flavors were good .
i like this place , so what are you going to do about it ?
great authentic chinese dishes , need to know what to order .
singapore rice noodles are fantastic , really !
verdict : surprisingly good !
also , the salty fried pork chop is pretty damn amazing .
they also have great chicken wings .
the service is fast , prices are reasonable , and food is delicious .
great place to eat !
super friendly service .
excellent food .
i recommend going for dinner .
the staff is friendly and is happy to make recommendations and explain the menu .
if you want good authentic food this is the place !
small family owned restaurant that puts out some awesome authentic cantonese chinese style food .
the house special fried rice and the house special chow mein are also winners .
the family also loves the hong kong style peking pork chops and pepper steak .
i had the cajun combo and loved it .
the garlic bread that comes with it is the best .
it is toasted just right and if you go with friends order a side .
i came here last week with michael for dinner .
the best part was the gumbo ... we both really enjoyed that .
i went here last a year and a half ago and enjoyed the food .
this is the best cajun resturant in arizona .
my wife had the sampler and she loved it .
the atmosphere is great .
the live music added to the experience .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for some good cajun food .
it is on the pricey side but its worth it .
this is a great place for cajun food .
everyday the menu has a special that is fresh and exciting .
i think it is the best in az .
enjoyed my sandwich & would definitely go back .
however , it was still a fun night with some high quality cajun food .
the food here was authentic and flavorful .
food was amazing as usual !
highly recommended .
good .
it was good .
but we were the only ones on the patio so it 's cool .
my son loved it .
liked it all , but loved the crawfish etouffee !
it is very good .
simply the best .
great food and very reasonable prices .
great place to go to lunch .
have eaten there several times and enjoyed the food each time .
authentic cajun food !
both were quite good .
always great food and the service is consistently good .
one of my top _num_ places to eat in phoenix .
best cajun food in az hands down .
this is genuine stuff here .
gumbo is the best !
hushpuppies are a good alternative to fries the green olive coleslaw .
good !
this is really one of my favorite places to get some good cajun food !
hmmm ... good !
it has a different flavor , but it 's wonderful .
you 'll feel like you 're in the big easy !
well worth the drive .
the best crawfish touffe i had so far .
the crawfish were so plump and juicy .
so delicious .
love it !
the food is always excellent and fresh very authentic cajun .
friendly 's helpful stuff is there to make your meal perfect .
awesome cajun .
shrimp in the soup was plump and juicy .
we will definitely return !
brought a friend from louisiana here .
and it was sure nice to see both heidi and heather again !
great food .
crawfish touffe is fabulous !
i love this place !
great gumbo and delicious home made potato chips .
lots of flavor and a perfect lunch spot .
i love this place .
hushpuppies and gumbo !
i 've been coming here for years ... the best .
great place , great food , great staff .
the live guitar sole was a great addition for back ground music .
the best food in phoenix .
we will definitely be going back .
staff was friendly and place had a nice ambience .
great food , great staff , best crawfish etouffee around !
the jambalaya and seafood gumbo were excellent , and the prices were very reasonable .
excellent food !
this restaurant is a delight and one of my new favorites .
great place for cajun fare !
delicious !
i love a good jambalaya , and this place really came through .
perfect amount of spiciness , and an amazing flavor .
the dinner came with a small salad , and some good garlic bread .
awesome cajun cuisine !
came with really tasty garlic toast .
everything was delicious with great flavor .
i highly recommend .
my co-worker took me here and i 'll forever love her for it .
best .
fun friendly service and really good food .
when you walk in you feel welcomed and at home right away .
the red beans and rice were outstanding .
i would n't give it a _num_ % , but a solid _num_ .
the hush puppies were also really good .
one of my all time favorite places to meet up with friends .
the staff is always friendly and accommodating .
with that said , baby kay 's is the best cajun food in phoenix .
the touffe was really good as was the gumbo .
we got a great bottle of wine on special for $ _num_ .
the wait staff is always friendly and even remember me most of the time .
the seafood gumbo is awesome !
unbelievable !
i have been there twice and enjoyed the food both times .
very cajun ( spicy ) but very good .
oh happy day !
find me a service professional who is both professional and wonderful at service .
sorry but these guys are great .
it came back fixed , cleaned and in perfect condition .
i highly recommend abc vacuum .
quick service done right !
the best vacuum store in phoenix hands down !
great customer service and attitude .
they guarantee their work and products .
i will always buy from these wonderful people .
this is a family owned business .
they are the best in the vacuum world .
you will definitely get the best deal in town for purchase or repair .
love this shop and family !
absolutely love the casual personalized service .
always love to give my money to local shops !
helpful and genuine .
we moved into a place that had a lot of wood flooring .
customer service was very nice .
a great find !
i am so happy with the customer and technical service i received .
works great .
thanks !
fast , friendly service .
great local company .
thanks !
best place ever for vacuum repair !
will be a customer for life !
great service and fast turn around .
they give great advice .
the perfect store !
excellent high quality products .
excellent service .
family owned for many , many years !
what a great business !
sweet jesus !
good prices ( free advice ) and friendly , honest service .
knowledgeable staff and an honest business .
an inexpensive overhaul and some great pool advice and my pool 's working again .
the next day i got a call that the part had arrived .
he was courteous and i enjoyed working with him .
i have always and will always continue to patronize their store .
interesting that reviews are usually _num_ 's or _num_ 's !
this place rocks .
excellent service .
absolutely the best pool store in az , or the usa !
they take the time to explain things , and always recommend the perfect solution .
highly recommended .
they know their business and the prices and helpfulness is priceless !
thank you .
she is friendly , listens to what i want and i always leave satisfied .
but boy oh boy was my sandwich good .
i recommend you check it out !
the guys that work at this place are super friendly .
they actually slice the meat in front of you .
i was very pleased with my meal .
i really like their bread .
this place is the best .
my favorite stop .
always recommend to a friend .
wow ... what a place .
your quality and service goes above and beyond , and our bands are beautiful .
thank you so much !
i recently purchased a `` gift '' for someone here .
simply the best automotive repair place i 've yet found in phoenix .
honest , fair , and competent .
a very reliable local garage .
bill is all about great customer service , and goes the extra mile .
i trust bill , and 25th street automotive .
thanks , and we 'll continue to bring our wheels into your shop .
they are the best !
this is a great repair shop .
this shop deserves every star it has gotten .
they are really amazing .
they were very honest with me and really helped me through my decision .
i highly recommend this place .
i find bill very honest and fair , and he does great work .
great service !
time and time again they have earned our trust and respect .
thanks to yelp , i found this awesome car repair shop .
i have nothing but the absolute best things to say about them .
they are just amazing ... .
25th street automotive is top-notch !
i highly recommend them to everyone that needs a good mechanic !
i really trust these guys .
amazing !
this local auto shop is the best !
honesty : that 's what keeps me coming back !
after my service here i will definitely be going back .
there amazingly friendly , fast , low priced and super awesome .
thank you !
best place to go !
we brought boyfriends car here based on a recommendation from a friend .
boyfriend knew immediately to check yelp and all of the reviews are amazing .
these guys want to give you the best deal possible .
i came across this shop and bill and team were terrific .
thanks !
i recommend 25th st without reservation .
these guys were amazing !
i am very please with their service and pricing .
service is quick , and they are very honest .
top notch .
in any business , these can be such rare qualities .
bill c. and bill h. - thank you both for all that you do !
i love this place !
friendly and honest .
thank you !
always do a great job , highly recommend .
the shop was pretty clean and the service was professional and straightforward .
i 'll definitely call these guys again when my car needs work .
always a great experience !
very nice staff .
fast service .
i 've previously had both of my vehicles serviced at 25th st auto .
truly great customer service .
great service , courteous and thorough .
will continue to have my car serviced here .
highly recommend them .
excellent service through and through !
they are very honest , only do to work that needs to be done .
i called and received same day service .
thanks bill & bill !
you now have a loyal customer that will refer others .
the best part is they listen .
highly recommend !
i highly recommend them to anyone who needs a shop they can trust .
i appreciate the personal care and detail !
these guys are great !
everyone was friendly , welcoming and kind .
thank you !
definitely make an appt before you go .
nice people here for sure .
all in all , a great experience .
such a fan !
such a beautiful store !
everyone is always so nice and helpful !
really impressed with the store , staff and service .
these guys are the best !
beautiful store with so many things for gifts and for me .
love !
always an enjoyable experience .
excellent service .
new box installed and all inspections completed with power on before _num_ p.m .
thank you so much !
thanks !
the staff is generally pretty good here and helpful .
great place , huge selection , current with the times .
this made me feel very comfortable and not pressured .
thank you ski pro staff and i would recommend the shop to everyone .
she was just great .
superb service , wonderful staff , very competitive prices .
thanks , ski pro !
you 've got a customer for life .
whether you rent or buy we highly recommend giving ski pro a try .
originally went to the outlet store in scottsdale and had a great experience .
definitely some of the best customer service in the valley !
thanks crew at ski pro !
the customer service at pro ski was amazing .
the store is super crammed with various winter items and they have decent pricing !
super helpful staff .
i really enjoyed my experience with the embassy suites .
it was in a great location .
our room was very roomy and clean .
the customer service was great .
you can sometimes get free happy hour drinks too !
a great location is the best thing going for this hotel .
the staff was super nice , too .
otherwise , very pleasant stay .
i stayed here during the summer really enjoyed it .
got the cheapest room and it was huge !
centrally located which was nice right next to the mall !
it 's always clean , roomy , good a/c .
probably one of the best embassy suites i 've visited .
i stayed here for a working holiday , and i absolutely loved it .
one of the best hotel stays i 've had .
the rooms are all two room suites , clean , and very comfortable .
i love love embassy suites .
the staff is always nice and the two room suites are very comfortable .
very nice rooms with nice tv 's .
clean room mgr special drinks they need a popcorn machine .
good breakfast .
late check out !
overall excellent stay .
other than that , i enjoyed my stay .
hope this helps !
wonderful hotel for families .
nice location with ample dining options nearby .
great place .
clean , hospitable staff , beautiful entry ways .
rooms are big enough and serve their purpose .
great staff !
this is a really great hotel .
they also have a free wonderful breakfast .
very nice i like that there 's separate sitting room and three sinks .
he was amazing !
very friendly , helpful and knowledgable about the area .
thank you joe you totally rock with a great attitude and wonderful customer service .
always enjoyable .
location , location , location - what i like about this place the best .
pool is awesome as well as bar area .
fitness center decent but considering the size could be better .
breakfast is amazing and usually is included in the price .
solid hotel and i would recommend for people visiting .
the hotel is an older property but still has all the embassy charm .
the atrium is perfect for sipping on their manager 's reception cocktails .
not my favorite brand of hotels by hilton but this location was really fun .
great rooms , great service and one of the best pools around .
i highly recommend this location .
i love staying at this place !
this visit had an unexpected surprise .
( big extra star ) .
but they are all very nice and personable .
always worth it as well .
the pool is the best embassy pool .
the mansion was decorated for christmas and it was so lovely .
the bar was prompt and the dinner of beef tenderloin was great .
sweet .
what a neat place to get away from it all and relax .
great for family , kids , older , younger , date nite .
such fun halloween parties !
love wandering around .
beautiful place .
fun to be with a group .
great food and service .
always a good time !
overall , the food was pretty good ( loved the truffle fries ! )
our service was impeccable and wonderfully friendly .
for a lovely , delicious brunch with some class , check it out !
plus , it is so reasonably priced !
the food was great , views were great , drinks were great .
my favorite part was being handed a glass of sparkling wine as we entered .
the views are amazing and the beautiful weather yesterday definitely topped it off .
also has great photo ops , the grounds are beautiful .
amazing food , amazing views .
great secret date place .
half price bottles of wine , a great buffet and fun , live entertainment .
it is a great historical place and great food .
the views are great .
it 's been a good year and it was time to celebrate .
the quality and presentation of the food were excellent .
the service was impeccable .
decent food , incredible ambiance , nice wine flight .
great place for a romantic dinner or happy hour if the weather is warm .
dress up and impress your date !
best brunch i have had in a very long time .
the service is beyond excellent .
this is a fun place for a special event .
great views , cozy decor .
very nice , a little pricey but nice venue .
our server , whose name i forget , was delightful .
and we felt comfortable asking to have dessert on the deck .
the staff was generally excellent .
beautiful , but old .
nothing spectacular about the venue itself , but absolutely worth it for the view .
great way to see the metro .
my family and i attended brunch to celebrate our anniversary .
we had spectacular views of the city along with impeccable service .
we will definitely be returning again !
we decided to stay for dinner , and it was delicious .
we will totally be going back soon with friends !
i was so fresh and yummy ; had wonderful flavor !
my main dish was the filet -- what a great cut of beef !
just beautiful !
beautiful layout , beautiful staff !
wow , perfect evening !
a little slice of heaven !
once again , the food and service was impeccable at sunday brunch !
my favorite is their omelet station !
it 's outstanding !
everyone is super friendly and helpful !
so worth it !
relaxed and romantic .
great views from in there also !
the food was great .
our server was excellent .
we will be coming back to enjoy more wine and a beautiful view .
the food is outstanding and actually decently priced .
breathtaking !
wonderful place !
wow !
our server , mike , provided excellent care .
will be back !
wonderful food and service .
an american castle .
the food was so good as were the cocktails !
i loved the shrimp cocktail because the horseradish was so fresh !
the mansion and views are beautiful .
impressive setting and location , and the servers were both polite and professional .
the service is wonderful and the ambiance is absolutely beautiful .
they also have entertainment around 7:00 .
i had their margarita pizza and it was good .
the white wines are very good .
the grounds are superb , the restaurant was elegant and the food was tasty .
the service was outstanding !
solid !
great filet for me lamb shank for my girlfriend .
i will be a regular here !
the food is buffet style and was exceptional in quality and variety .
it is over an hour drive for us but worth every minute !
i would recommend a visit !
this place is worth _num_ stars due to the history , architecture and view .
wow .
i will be back !
there was an excellent selection of dishes .
all the ones i tasted were excellent - and fresh .
amazing staff !
very thoughtful and caring staff who make sure your time there is absolutely pleasant .
i 'll be a member forever !
the seafood was especially great .
the brunch buffet has a great selection of seafood breakfast options .
kind of tough to get to from the road , but worth it .
a grand old mansion with lots of interesting rooms .
great menu ... food was amazing .
server had a wonderful personality , but i rarely saw him .
absolutely beautiful here .
definitely would return !
wonderful tour and a fabulous lunch with the ladies .
this is one of phoenix 's best kept secret .
we enjoyed the tour and the happy hour is second to none .
fantastic food , wine , service and ambience .
even a great happy hour !
best salmon in phoenix !
amazing bruschetta !
amazing historic building with beautiful views in all sides .
the variety and elegance of food was spectacular .
the setting is extraordinary .
however , the product , the service and the experience have remained consistently excellent .
highly recommend .
simply delicious and worth the _num_ rounds of amazing food and endless drinks .
this is such a fabulous place to host a party !
thanks , lori !
i noticed a well groomed dog at scottsdale quarters .
thanks lori and greg for doing an awesome job !
we will definitely be a regular customer .
they did a beautiful job , and they seem like genuine animal lovers here .
lori is so awesome !
she 's quick , efficient and her prices are very reasonable .
she 's full of interesting information .
so friendly .
very cool place !
i will always take all my animals there !
overall good service when i come here !
food was hot & good !
they have great sandwiches too .
or , buy a whole bottle of wine to enjoy after the movie .
i 've always been given great assistance in picking out the perfect bottle .
i will be coming back !
thanks guys !
real nice guy with willingness to help .
we definitely recommend a accent plumbing - you will not be disappointed .
quoted a fair price for the work , and arrived promptly .
these guys have always done a great job for me .
did you know almonds are good for you ?
i did , however , love their fudge .
the fudge is awesome too !
a friend gave me a bag of these and they are amazing !
pros : quick , friendly service .
consistent food quality .
always such friendly workers when i go through the drive thru .
smiling and kind .
it 's so so nice .
they are cheerful and friendly .
a solid five stars !
got a lamp that you love ?
bring it in here .
perfect !
also have a great selection of lighting and antiques in shop .
overall great experience .
into exquisite , customized lamps .
highly recommended .
i 'm delighted with this shop , and always have been .
the staff is wonderful and truly loves animals .
great animal hospital , staff is nice and it is always clean .
dr. temple , diana , and lisa were all wonderful .
he gives good advice and respects my wishes and decisions .
he is knowledgeable , compassionate , and reliable .
finally , the staff is very friendly .
both the vet and the tech were very professional and friendly .
all in all it was a good experience .
we absolutely love it at this clinic .
these vets and the staff are truly wonderful and genuinely caring .
this animal hospital is awesome !
great team and doctors !
it 's well worth the trip .
thank you dr t !
i will definitely continue to bring all my pets here .
best film festival in the whole southwest !
the film selection is always great .
i was happy with the _num_ location .
the employees are always nice and have never been pushy .
outstanding customer service !
big plate and good enough to share .
the outdoor patio is really awesome .
the food is fantastic !
i love the nachos .
they are so , so good .
they make the tortilla chips fresh and they are super thin .
it 's a upscale sports bar .
the food was pretty good and they had fresh baked pie !
oh they hit the spot .
a great little pub to get good food & good service !
great food at great prices .
staff is always good and they keep your drinks full .
great place to go for lunch .
they are always busy ; service is excellent and the food good .
their sandwiches are especially good .
highly recommend .
i love this place .
it is also a place i like to meet people for happy hour .
it also makes it our go to place .
they have the best wings ... not fried !
service was friendly and timely .
we always sit in the bar , and are happy hour fans .
fans of the food .
dark , quiet , cool and comfortable .
i had dinner here tonight , and loved the entire experience !
i ordered the thai cobb salad and really enjoyed the unique , healthy flavor !
my dinner was priced fairly and i got a lot of food .
i ended up loving it !
the corned beef was lean and tender and the veggies were perfectly seasoned .
i was pleasantly surprised by the food here .
our waitress was very attentive and pleasant .
i love keegan 's ribs !
a full rack is a steal at _num_ bucks .
i always meet and have fun with the patrons as well .
it is like a family reunion ... .
and the food is amazing as well .
finally tried this neighborhood spot !
great happy hour prices .
really good food - not your average bar food .
had ribs and mac and cheese ( so good ! )
spicy shrimp app was tasty .
good service and enjoyed the music when we were there .
good mix of people and will definitely be going back !
i came in for dinner last night , had a good experience .
met a friend for dinner .
the restaurant has an open feel i really liked .
the food is nicely presented the service was excellent .
great place around biltmore .
love this place !
the food was delicious .
and had some great food recommendations .
love this place !
we will definitely be back .
great happy hour food and good drink specials .
good idea after hiking camelback mountain ... .
friendly , pleasant staff .
love this neighborhood bar , ... .
great food , service and atmosphere ... .
this place is simply one of my favorite places in the phoenix metropolitan area .
make sure you come hungry because every course is sure to please .
a personal favorite among us are the potato skins as well as the hummus .
the mood here is clean and casual .
the service has improved and the food was good .
love the fish and chips !
keep working to make this better .
this gem is right across the street from where i work .
i got the shrimp tacos and i loved them !
worth a stop in you 're in the area .
they have a delicious menu and great atmosphere !
staff is friendly as well .
the girls at the bar very friendly .
fast and attractive .
all in all a good solid casual uptown bar .
reverse happy hour is the best !
never had a bad meal here and i eat here a lot .
it 's much better than bar food .
the people here are great and courteous .
great little spot for some small plates & apps .
great reverse hh as well !
been a very satisfied customer for _num_ years !
autumn makes the best drinks !
i had wings and sandwiches instead and they were still great .
the ribs are the best in town .
service is friendly and efficient .
it 's a neighborhood place that 's been there for years .
love going , happy hour 2x a day !
customer service is awesome when autumn is working the bar .
the daily specials are well worth the price and are delicious .
_num_ stars for happy hour !
very good happy hour spot .
did i mention happy he starts at _num_ pm !
lentil soup was excellent with a nice rich broth .
nice place !
service was good , was n't too busy .
our server jaime m was very attentive , helpful , and nice !
fries were wonderfully salty and perfectly cooked .
had low expectations , but food was amazing and the service was outstanding !
the thai salmon salad was pretty good .
sweet , but good .
the service was great .
fun little atmosphere , but seems like it 's for an older crowd .
the design inside is pretty cool and i like their giant front door .
this location is my favorite .
we are always promptly greeted and made to feel welcome .
the salad was wonderful !
i really liked how fresh every thing was .
it was very nice and clean inside .
my waiter brought me lots of fresh coffee , i was very happy .
i like saks , always have .
but yet i enjoy looking at it all .
beautifully remodeled store !
it 's saks , so obviously they have very upscale merchandise .
but i think for the most part ... saks rates high on the mark .
this store is gorgeous .
all employees are friendly and attentive and they treat you like gold .
and now , my mom and i are both hooked too !
clean , great customer service , great quality .
beautiful store , phenomenal service .
they have an excellent assortment of designers and the staff is super friendly .
top notch !
this saks location has to be my personal favorite for their service style .
other than that , this place is fantastic .
i received excellent service in the intimate department .
she went above and beyond to help me .
i was highly impressed with the staff and the overall organization of the store .
she was extremely professional and answered all of my questions .
he has a great eye for style .
amazing service .
high end , clean , modern .
very friendly staff .
helpful with advice and extremely professional .
we loved the effect in the pictures .
i always love to come and explore what this asks location has to offer .
i absolutely love saks fifth avenue !
the product she represents is outstanding as well .
luis the manager here is the pinnacle of customer service .
this store and the staff are all class .
they are all so pleasant and eager to help me .
best printing service there is !
great customer service and fast turn around time !
very customer friendly .
great quality at low prices to fit your budget .
very knowledgeable , great quality and excellent customer service .
i always appreciate their advice and input .
tom ( the owner ) is a great guy .
it has been nice to see them grow over the years .
chad and julio were great to work with .
we will be bringing more vehicle back to you !
julio is a wonderful designer and created a couple different options for us .
they look great and we have already started receiving calls from potential customers .
definitely sending more work there way .
very professional and a pleasure to deal with .
the clothing style is amazing .
i love their fashion sense .
this is my top store to buy clothes from .
its a kind of upper scale classy type of dress occasion .
this man knows his stuff .
he is a good family doctor .
he is honest , funny and personable .
i would definitely recommend this office .
great service an delicious food !
great selection of steak and seafood .
we got the special salad , steak , seafood , _num_ sides and dessert .
it was worth every penny .
great steak .
i ordered the porterhouse cooked medium and it certainly did not disappoint .
the lobster bisque was outstanding .
such a great steakhouse !
for dinner , started with the oysters which were very good .
talk about an amazing flavor !
the server was nice enough to give us a free vip after dinner cocktail .
they treated us beautifully .
pricey yes , but at least you get the very best here .
our server was wonderful and she made us laugh the entire evening .
a wonderful place and it was beautiful and very club like inside .
heaven !
my wife and i played both tracks this past week and were pleasantly surprised .
this with a fairly full tee sheet !
found a great rate on golf now - called in and spoke with brad .
staff is extremely friendly and the restaurant offers great food at a reasonable price .
damn fine place to play a beautiful game of golf .
well kept greens , landscaping maintenance is superb and the staff is very friendly .
great course !
wide fairways , and very fast greens .
the course is in great shape .
the pace of play was good .
some elevated tees and great views of the mountains .
course was a good shape , greens were smooth and consistent .
the office is always clean and a really nice place .
try them you will be happy , i was .
they always take their time and are completely amazing .
i would highly recommend this place !
two thumbs up !
love them here .
i will definitely be back and would highly recommend them to all my friends .
the service is impeccable and i have never had a bad meal .
it would be great for a nice date .
also , you 'll want to make a reservation .
this is the best italian food in phoenix .
ignore the hype , this place is serious class .
it was fantastic .
the server treated everyone like family and the food was fantastic .
this could not have been cheap , but a lasting impression is rarely affordable !
we had a company office dinner here and had a great experience .
the service was outstanding and food was very delicious .
it was the best money i 've ever spent .
the restaurant is lovely , the food was fabulous and the service very attentive .
the caesar salad was one of the best i 've ever eaten .
we especially loved the crab cakes !
we even had dessert - the cheesecake was pretty good .
it was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked .
loved it .
service was top-notch and the food was fabulous .
the food is very authentic .
gnocchi and tiramisu were delicious for a early saturday meal .
john is very a gracious server who was very nice .
got ta say it was all pretty good .
bread was pretty good also .
food was excellent .
the service was equally matched with the exceptional cuisine .
wonderful place with great food .
excellent old school italian !
i ordered the special which was recommended by the waiter and it was great .
the atmosphere is great .
bar none , the most delicious gnocchi in town .
i love the decor at this restaurant !
all of the pasta dishes are great .
will definitely be going back soon .
great patio .
awesome service and incredible food .
i came out of this place very satisfied !
the atmosphere is art deco and very elegant but very comfortable .
my favorite restaurant !
great service too .
this place was great .
great old school vibe .
looked like a great place for parties and events .
my new favorite restaurant in az .
real authentic italian food finally !
they have great bread .
i loved their shrimp scampi .
it 's the way to go !
and i will be back !
it was so delicious i wish i could have it again for lunch !
thank you guys for such a wonderful night with my mom .
i ca n't wait to bring my friends & show off this wonderful gem .
best italian ever !
i love this authentic , filling , sooo yummy italian dishes .
it is a classic and should n't be missed .
great ambience , amazing food and fabulous service .
he knows it all !
perfect atmosphere -- highly recommend .
one of our favorite places to eat in phoenix .
the good is delicious , i 've never ordered something i have n't loved .
the service is what makes this place five stars .
food was amazing and so was service .
it 's kind of in the middle of all of this .
but the food was fantastic .
great food on the pricey side .
anniversary dinner was excellent _num_ stars .
food ambiance and service was excellent .
this place is a solid a+ .
this place makes everything fresh and from scratch .
the gnocchi with vodka sauce is my all time favorite .
a definite must !
great environment , well decorated , a piano man and great food .
i use this place as a second date it works every time .
truly one of the great italian digs in the valley if not the best .
both were the best we 've ever had !
love it !
great !
food was amazing but the service was simple awesome !
both dishes came out hot and full of flavor .
it 's an excellent place for a lunch business meeting .
great food and service .
this restaurant is gem !
the service is excellent and the food is delicious !
we will keep coming back every year !
that is how good the whole atmosphere was !
everything here is great !
wait staff is attentive and friendly and service was prompt .
location is kind of random but they definitely have some loyal customers here .
had the veggie lasagne and it was delicious .
my husband 's escargot and veal parm were excellent .
the caesar salad was good , garlic bread ... great !
definitely will eat here again ( when i travel to az ) !
love the vintage decor ... .
the fettuccine alfredo was my ultimate favorite .
it sounds so simple , but it 's perfected simplicity .
loved the atmosphere , food , service - ca n't say enough good things .
love from beginning to end .
wonderful old school italian cuisine .
entrees were terrific and so were the deserts .
great place .
found this place due to a friend that lives here many years ago .
this place is traditional .
we tried the escargot which was fantastic along with the veal .
reasonably priced as well .
fantastic italian restaurant with great service and spectacular specials .
enjoyed great value .
thanks guys !
top that with their warranties and why go anywhere but here ?
thanks guys for all you do !
it 's clean , organized and well run .
i was very pleased with the friendly service here .
will return for the quick and honest auto service .
great service !
this was above and beyond , and saved me a tow charge .
love this location !
love supporting local businesses and will always go here !
fast quick service ... .
highly recommend !
they took their time with me and i enjoyed the entire process .
i will be a lifetime client !
they made me so happy !
got ta love food city 's .
fresh tortillas and mexican pastries made on site all very good .
every weekend they have fresh roasted chilies for sale , yum .
beer and bowling are always good .
any excuse to go bowling with friends is fine by me .
i love this alley .
i recently moved to the phoenix area and joined a bowling league here .
it 's in an older part of town - but safe .
the staff is nice .
a nice , clean bowling alley .
i went here with my family last night and had a great time .
the bar is perfect .
i 'm definitely a fan of this place , the kids love it here .
it 's one of our summer staples .
i come here every week with work clothes and will definitely keep coming back !
the staff always is courteous and helpful .
very impressed .
professional service and very convenient pick up and delivery .
i recently moved office locations , so i no longer use this service .
they are friendly , professional , and incredibly convenient .
highly recommended .
it kicks denny 's ass .
sandwiches are full of good , fresh ingredients , breakfasts are all delish .
place is huge and the waitstaff friendly and quick .
they had a great dessert display case .
this is a good place .
great breakfast , nice service and a good cup of coffee .
the food was good .
the service was great .
the prices were great .
i had ham and eggs and the plate was delicious .
just a classic .
the food is greasy but good .
the service is impeccable .
wow that really impressed me .
i love a place where i can check good for everything .
this place rocks again .
i really like this place .
their serving sizes here are huge in general .
good food for a fair price .
classic american fare with a variety of items .
i had the chorizo scramble ... very good , .
waitress was very attentive and friendly .
love the decor very _num_ 's went back for dinner and loved the burgers !
homemade and best i have had in a long time .
this is a great place to go to after work .
it is a great diner that offers home style cooking .
the food always tastes fresh and is reasonably priced .
i will continue to go there .
all this is is a family style resturant ... .
they were so good !
the staff aways takes are of us and we feel comfortable and happy .
thanks !
the prices are great , and their food- whether breakfast or dinner is worthy .
this place is very close to us , so we will be returning often !
besides the great memories made , the coffee is great .
i ordered the oatmeal with wheat toast and it is consistently good .
jerry 's has a small town feel with great service and good food .
great selection of food , and very humble environment !
food was good but inexpensive and the service was great .
great service , great food , great price .
i recommend this to everyone .
love , love , love jerry 's !
they have great , fresh food at really good prices .
it 's a nice clean restaurant with a good old fashioned vibe .
thanks so much jerry 's , and all your wonderful staff !
good pancakes .
the staff is always friendly day or night .
even a simple side salad is fresh and deserving of props .
is place has to offer .
the food here is good .
i personally do n't care for breakfast food , but my brother loves it .
those pancakes ... delicious delicious delicious .
definitely a local delight .
great breakfast !
this is it !
good coffee and my waitress was friendly and funny !
definitely will return and make it a habit !
thanks jerry 's !
it was awesome and nostalgic .
it has character and the wait staff is pleasant .
the clam chowder is excellent .
i went there with a few friends last week and was very impressed .
service was excellent , even for being in the early hours of the morning .
food was great , loved the hash browns i had .
thanks !
and to my surprise it was very good .
great place for that after hours snack !
great food at a great price !
will be back soon for sure !
always great food , had the eggs & corned beef hash .
service is always attentive , food always extremely good !
i love that jerry 's is 24hrs and has wifi .
the sandwich was average , and the fries were perfect .
the service was excellent !
just good food .
jeremy has been our server three times and is always top notch .
try it you 'll like it !
i loved my experience at jerry 's .
so nice i ate there twice !
their food was on point and the menu is very diverse .
this is one of those old fashioned diners that does it right !
i highly recommend stopping in anytime .
will definitely be returning .
waiter took my drink order as he seated me - good strong coffee !
it 's right around the corner so i 'll probably be back !
our service was good .
definitely will be coming back .
great mom and pop shop hop drop !
it 's home cooking , with love !
tracy is amazing , one of many outstanding waitress .
i love the biscuits and gravy , it 's from out of this world !
highly recommended for a wholesome meal with great company !
great little diner with a nice big menu .
the hash browns are not traditional but they are still pretty good .
i 've had the ruben a few times now and would recommend it .
breakfast is always great too .
easy and easy out .
friendly staffs .
highly recommended !
well , first of all i loved the ambiance .
yet , inside this place was just really nice .
i had the crab louis which was really good .
the bar area looked neat too .
with new management and an updated look , figured we would check it out .
this is a perfect little quiet lunch spot .
its interior is a bit tacky , but the food is darn delicious .
my companions were happy with their breakfast choices as well .
everything is homemade , and worth a try .
linda is a hoot .
incredibly fresh and tasty pie .
great lunch and a friendly staff .
if you want incredible value and delicious food - jackpot !
linda is a very nice , hardworking lady who is always there .
best fried cod you could ever ask for .
hardest working owner who makes the most amazing pies from scratch .
awesome breakfast !
i love this place , been going since i was a kid .
and the candy itself is just insanely good .
cactus candy is awesome .
staff is friendly and helpful , but do not expect a fancy experience .
i tried some today for the first time so good !
best idea for gifts when traveling places that want something from arizona !
i received a phone call around the time he said i should expect it .
nice service oriented business .
really really great !
yep that sums it up !
excellent !
affordable and very friendly .
this is a great family owned business !
they are always so nice & helpful .
i use the dry cleaners at least once a week and they are terrific .
lee and her family are great !
if you need great service this is the place to go !
wow !
i highly recommend thomas cleaners !
this is a great family owned business with decent pricing and good service .
love ya !
have an amazing day everyone !
wow !
very informative and straight up with you .
great customer service !
i felt so welcomed by the entire staff !
i walked in and i was immediately greeted with a huge smile !
i love this the people at this sprint store .
thank you all .
my guy loves the mayo and the bread the best .
i love their cheese .
love this place !
great subs , prices , service , and kids love it !
so good .
very good sandwich shop .
small lil place but great sandwiches .
great subs , been around forever , love it !
the subs taste the same as they did when i was a kid .
i love this place .
delicious .
the bread was delicious .
great deal .
still as good as before .
best in the valley .
they have a well-organized / clean shop , and are very professional .
i was completely satisfied with their work .
compared to other detail shops i have used they are definitely top notch .
perry has a very professional , trustworthy and efficient team .
if we need any of vehicles detailed , this is the place !
this place does a great job .
it 's been a month and it still has a mirror shine .
these guys do an amazing job on cars .
love this place .
highly recommended .
his prices are very very reasonable .
great job !
keep up the good work !
perry & sergio do a fantastic job .
highly recommended !
these guys do it right .
i was impressed and am impressed when someone has an old school skill .
makes the quality of the work better .
outstanding knowledge and always the best in quality and workmanship .
awesome service !
the extra work and concern after i had paid .
that 's quality .
extremely clean lot and waiting area .
the truck drives nice and straight and i 'm extremely happy .
great job gentlemen !
best in town .
great shop .
super fast and friendly service .
i sincerely recommend jack 's if you need an alignment .
thanks !
these guys are the greatest .
will be going back for sure !
very honest and reasonable prices .
if adjustment is needed they will charge you a reasonable price .
most places will charge you a fee just to inspect it .
love this place .
will continue to bring my business here .
super nice crew .
drives perfect .
great price .
honest and reliable .
will need brakes soon and i will go to jacks for sure .
professional and precise .
so much more experience than the average .
great work , great price .
highly recommended .
ken is the man !
i will be telling everyone if you want it done right go see ken !
thank you jacks for the great service and advice !
nice clean shop , with very fast service .
these guys are honest and reputable !
so far i am very happy with the results .
it 's never felt more solid .
they were quick and professional , and their prices are great .
i 'll definitely be back .
first , i found their prices to be the lowest in town .
jacks was worth the money and time .
a good resource to have .
great place with honest employees !
very friendly , courteous and professional .
these people are very honest .
very honest .
thanks !
one of my top three choices in the phoenix area .
well worth the time , travel and expense !
the weather was perfect , the patio beautiful , and the company was amazing .
french food -- yummy !
it was great .
the duck was melt in your mouth tender , the beans and sauce delicious .
we added that with french fries and she was set .
we could not handle dessert but the crepes looked marvelous .
cute and charming , a great place for a first date .
everything is good .
it 's nice that they take reservations !
a special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner .
service and food were excellent .
excellent little place .
it was delicious and well worth it .
the service was also excellent , the atmosphere intimate .
had lunch today ... wonderful crepes stuffed with filet mignon .
nice wine selection and service was terrific .
wonderful !
very nice casual atmosphere .
thanks .
dr day is absolutely amazing at what he does .
his staff is amazing as well .
especially kim and andrea .
kim helped with everything with my insurance to makes sure i received my money .
dr. day was perfect and his staff was too .
i am a couple years post surgery and all is great .
i would recommend dr. day , without hesitation .
this place is wonderful .
i would definitely recommend dr. day and his staff - they 're super nice .
you will be in good hands .
the girls here are gorgeous .
have fun other weary travelers !
great safe and cool place .
top notch .
lots of very friendly and pretty girls .
place is dark as fuck but the dancers are cute and super friendly .
nice spot overall !
the dancers are all professionals , like you would n't believe .
the stage has cool lighting and there are many corners to get lost in .
i thought the food was good , too .
club was full of attractive enhanced women of high spirits and great attitudes .
my fiance and our friends always have a great time here .
girls are nice , place is clean , the popcorn is a plus !
scottsdale clubs are closer , but this place is worth the extra drive time .
hot hot steaming hot !
thank you ladies !
my boyfriend and i had a great time here .
nice !
club is great , staff is excellent an girls are hot and friendly .
but girls are hot .
love this place .
love it .
kung pao is good too .
it is tiki room cute .
i was really happy with our experience with china village the other night .
another fine dinner at china village .
the service was excellent as usual .
the hostess was very concerned that my group enjoyed their dinner .
definitely recommend this spot for anyone that really enjoys spicy food .
it 's the type of place that serves delicious , neighborhood style food .
the flavors are wonderful .
china doll , autumn court ) it has a certain charm .
it 's that good .
old school chinese restaurant , this is our regular spot for chinese food !
great service , you can get in and out quickly if you want to .
best chinese place and the friendliest service .
also , this is a place that listens when you request spicy .
that hit the spot !
score !
finally , after _num_ years in phoenix we find great chinese food .
the service is super friendly and my kids had a great time .
needless to say , i will return for dine in service very soon !
highly recommended !
very cool place .
the service is probably the best on the planet .
the people are very nice .
super friendly service .
its much more inviting on the inside then it looks .
best chinese in phoenix !
the food was delicious !
we love coming here .
the place is clean and the staff are very friendly .
the food is delicious !
everyone is so friendly very chill atmosphere .
this place is delicious .
the food is great and so is the service .
the lunch special is a really good deal as well .
it comes out piping hot .
the location id great near biltmore .
best chinese ( american style ) food that i have had in phoenix .
such a delight in this desert where chinese food is ... not great .
the food is always spot on .
the staff is friendly .
just a great place to go for lunch/dinner or even to go .
boy , was it good !
mine was really tasty and he enjoyed his too .
very well portioned for lunch .
we will come back !
also , our waiter was very nice and funny .
excellent food and service .
we all enjoyed our meal .
i recommend this place to eat .
, and the food was great .
plus , the people were absolutely delightful !
wonderful service and so friendly .
great friendly staff , i 'll be back for more for sure .
some of the best chinese food around and the prices are also very good .
the staff are all very nice .
highly recommend .
next time we come to arizona we will have dinner here !
i finally discovered this place and wow it 's really good .
love this place !
food is delicious and service is great !
i ordered the general chicken , lightly fried , very tasty .
ice water and hot herbal tea are a nice touch .
the food was extremely good and the food arrived very quickly .
the service was fantastic and the servers were very interactive and entertaining .
the place looks a little older , but everything was excellent !
the price is decent and portions are a good size .
definitely worth the _num_ stars !
it is amazing .
and the staff here is so great .
this place is great .
all the ladies here are so sweet !
roger was super attentive and super hilarious .
everything we had was delicious .
great place .
some of the best chinese food i 've had in a long time !
everything was delicious !
the service was amazing .
will definitely be back again !
the food and service was sooooooooo good !
good basic chinese food .
the service here sets the place apart from other restaurants .
great chinese place .
we just moved to the area and we were craving chinese .
i am so happy we tried china village .
both came out very fast and done wonderfully .
love this little place !
the food is always fresh and the staff are very pleasant .
we just keep coming back !
at here last night and the food was very good !
friendly staff and the service was good !
finally found a good chinese food place !
it 's always a hit or miss and this was definitely a hit !
we will definitely be coming back !
nice place great food and excellent customer service .
came in here for happy hour and they took great care of us .
just ate here and yum !
it was delicious so we ordered it .
they gave us fresh coconut macaroons for dessert as well !
i have found my new favorite chinese restaurant in phoenix .
the food was fresh and delicious !
excellent food always consistent .
so good , amongst your average .
they remember your name & give you free tea with your meal .
but the pizza was actually quite good .
family owned business .
good pizza , good specials , decent menu .
pizza is awesome !
bottom line : best pizza at the best price .
but i love supporting local businesses and this is a great one .
_num_ star wings !
absolutely delicious hot wings .
i 'd definitely recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood .
this place rocks !
this place has great pizza and an amazing price .
it 's always fresh and the owner is super friendly .
delicious pizza and wings every time !
awesome !
this is the best pizza and wing joint around phoenix .
ordered pizza and wings it was delicious .
pizza is always good , and service is just as good .
haha literally !
it even came with a piece of bread lol .
definitely adding this to my lunch rotation !
the pizza was fresh and hot and delicious !
the service was outstanding and the place was clean .
_num_ stars bc it 's excellent value pizza .
getting pizza by the slice is the best way to order here .
service is great !
excellent !
we will definitely be ordering from here again !
great pizza , and some of the best wings in town .
friendly fast service .
great prices .
family owned and operated .
she said the pizza was fantastic !
i appreciated it a little more the second time around .
this came right out of the oven and super hot .
excellent pizza and raviolis .
_num_ cheese pizza is amazing will definitely be coming back again !
my kids love frank 's pizza and wings !
that is no fun .
the pizza , cheese bread , calzone are all great .
great pizza !
huge big slice delicious greasy heaven .
and yes , the price is right .
the most delicious pizza i have had in a very long time !
not only delicious pizza , but he wings are amazing too !
they did a great job !
we needed specific shirts , and they were able to accommodate .
the employees were nice and took great care of us .
cheers , ladies !
they were open on sunday and they were friendly , so that 's good .
excellent service .
excellent quality .
the prices are great also .
very friendly staff .
this place is amazing !
i would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking for anything they offer .
rose tuxedo provided an excellent first time experience for myself .
this is beyond a _num_ star venture .
thank you to my hero 's for the day ; stephanie and april !
you guys were phenomenal .
she is knowledgeable , courteous and sweet as pie .
she worked with my price and time frame .
her staff was helpful and friendly as well .
thank you rose !
i would highly recommend rose and her staff at this location .
stephanie was extremely accommodating and helped my party .
we had already moved out and the office had to let them in .
they were great .
showed up on time , did a great job , very professional .
i 'll definitely use them again .
it 's a big health food store .
their sales are usually pretty good .
alex , the manager is always super helpful along with all the staff .
great selection , highly knowledgable staff .
the lovely location is centrally located at the town and country shopping center .
there are skin care items , healthy drink alternatives and much more .
the staff are always friendly and it is genuine .
i love this location !
i love that the manager here is always visible and willing to help !
keep up the good work !
i love it all !
i 've bought so much from here for christmas gifts !
they have so much cool baking stuff here .
everyone is always nice when i come in .
i love this place !
ps they gift wrap for free !
bonus !
the staff is always very friendly and welcoming to me anytime i shop there .
it 's a great local touch !
what a great shop !
the wife and i are going to attend a pasta making class this sunday !
this place has the most amazing kitchen gadgets .
it 's so fun !
of course this place has the best and coolest kitchen stuff .
the chefs were funny and very personable .
a great shop , great products , great service .
the store is clean and immaculate .
everything is so well organized , and it is n't too cluttered .
it 's pricey , but the products are excellent .
the staff here is always very accommodating and helpful .
this is a well organized , clean and friendly location .
great location .
great smells .
wonderfully useful , supremely cool .
alan did a beautiful job with two pieces i brought to him .
thanks , alan !
good selection of frames & mats .
it was done quickly and beautifully !
will definitely go back !
this store is great .
helpful and friendly .
great local business , def worth the slight drive !
alan was nice and very helpful and enthusiastic about what he does .
beautiful work !
they have so many unique choices .
i highly recommend this doctor !
this is a a place that i would recommend .
i needed to find a great surgeon and i believe i found him .
very nice work done by a couple of friendly ladies .
great , professional , and quick .
good prices and relatively quick turnaround .
i love , love these ladies .
they have always been very nice and helpful .
i 've referred several people here and will continue to do so .
everyone has been satisfied .
finding a good seamstress or tailor can be surprisingly hard .
can i just say , wow !
the owners of this establishment are incredibly humble .
i will definitely come her from now on !
i will be taking all my repairs to them now on !
such nice people !
comfortable beds and fluffy pillows .
they do a good job making people feel at home .
very nice and quite excellent for the group price for our training .
pool is great , suite was superb .
fine , attentive service .
i am staying here on a business trip right now .
i recommend this hotel , it is amazing .
kids had fun swimming and the free breakfast is absolutely amazing !
after talking to management , all is good and the gm cares .
this hotel was pretty good for the price we got .
free drinks for _num_ hours was great !
our room was clean and well maintained .
thank you for that .
i am so impressed with the service and attention to detail at this hotel .
also , the setting of town & country mall makes for a nice feeling .
nice clean store ... friendly staff ... good prices .
i love this place .
they have such nice stuff .
i like to just go and look at everything they have .
since i cant afford most of it .
the customer service at this pottery barn is above and beyond the rest .
i love pottery barn style and have purchased their products for years .
they keep it classy without being too trendy or too traditional .
the best customer service .
highly recommend this store .
one of my favorite decor stores .
staff is always very helpful .
they always have the best mix of people in there .
that 's what i call a great bar .
thank you for being awesome .
last weekend i attended karaoke night and was quite pleased .
i will recommend kat 's now and forever and hope this place never changes !
kat 's is easily the greatest dive bar in all of phoenix .
big screen tv 's and a jukebox with a really decent sound system .
i love this store !
beautiful things that do not look used and good prices !
thank you for your existence !
great place to take old furniture .
also , they have some cool used stuff , if you 're looking .
customer service was good , as well .
quality furniture and design pieces which are mostly worth the higher consignment pricing .
friendly staff !
adored my visit here !
very pleased .
this place rocks !
they inspected it , found the problem and fixed it for a reasonable price .
thanks .
that 's what i call good work .
thank you , sun valley , for a job well done !
happy customer .
i found one that i liked at sun valley .
thats how you know your dealing with a good business .
these guys are great !
, but the staff were very friendly and professional .
i absolutely recommend sun valley stereo for both their prices and service .
what a fantastic experience .
this place is great !
great prices , good quality and perfect service .
this place does quality work at a good price .
thanks again ryan !
great price .
customer service is great , installation looks great and my car sounds even better .
highly recommended .
i highly recommend them !
that 's quality service .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
highly recommend this place to all ... .
professional , fair and honest .
highly recommended !
excellent customer service .
highly recommend this company for installation and customer service .
luckily his crew was able to install it right away since they had time .
the gang at sun valley stereo is definitely top notch .
now that 's going the extra mile !
that 's what kind of quality and care you can expect from these guys .
thanks ryan and staff !
this is the best shop in town .
just took my 3rd car there and have recommended this place to multiple friends .
top quality equipment , top quality service .
great value for quality service !
also got the auto start with my alarm .
sounds great now !
thanks ryan .
these guys did a great job on the installation !
this is a local business that definitely should earn your support .
very happy with the service i got here .
customer for life !
sun valley stereo is amazing !
ryan and the crew were informative and helpful .
best price i could find too !
the system sounds great .
i highly recommend sun valley stereo !
wow !
everything is clean and install spot on .
will bring my other rides here for sure !
the service at sun valley stereo is a cut above the rest .
he is knowledgeable and honest .
this company is top notch and the installation was done to perfection .
another example of a business that goes above and beyond for their customer .
luis did a great job !
super quick , clean , and professional .
helped me out immensely .
and i will definitely be seeing you guys real soon !
got a great price and stereo is working great !
definitely will return soon .
best place to go for car stereo and alarm install .
highly recommend .
thanks guys !
this place is not in the best location but does a really great job .
they got us in the very next day and installed it no problem .
these guys do a great job .
highly recommend coming in .
the staff was very patient with me and very professional .
i highly recommend sun valley audio !
install came out great !
nice waiting area and great selection of products .
great prices $ $ $ .
best place for car stereo installation .
ryan and his team are super friendly and helpful .
the apartments are very quiet and we really like the location .
i love how close it is to biltmore !
wonderful company to work with as a vendor and contractor .
barb 's did a fantastic job on my birthday cake !
it was sooooo moist and flavorful !
i also received a red velvet cupcake .
it was the best red velvet cupcake ever !
great staff and it seems they can do anything !
the best carrot cakes and red velvet cupcakes .
barb 's is such a great bakery .
their cupcakes are eye candy and taste even better than they look .
enjoy !
everything was delicious .
they are friendly and helpful .
reasonably priced and delicious !
consistent , delish , wonderful baked items are always available at barb 's ... .
worth the drive from anywhere !
the cookies looked and tasted amazing !
easy to work with , fast , and great quality .
i highly recommend !
it was such a hit !
the best carrot cake i have ever had .
cakes , brownies , donuts , etc .
the employees are so nice and helpful too !
yummy , yummy ... .
awesome cupcakes .
randy did a great job assisting us for our friends birthday treat .
thanks for the recommendations on flavors .
i am so impressed with the gourmet cupcakes and the muffins .
do stop in sometime , i guarantee that you will be hooked !
barb 's bakery did a wonderful job on our wedding cakes .
each was beautiful .
they are always colorful and festive for the appropriate season or holiday .
most importantly , they are yummy !
i was so impressed with the cake we ordered for my mother 's birthday .
it was not only beautiful but absolutely delicious .
we will definitely be ordering from them again .
best .
great bakery .
always the highest quality .
reasonable prices for amazing product .
best custom sugar cookies ever .
delicious and gorgeous .
great cakes .
one of my vendors uses this bakery a lot for gifts .
they 're moist , sweet , and simply melt in your mouth with goodness .
many thanks to angela for helping me through this process !
so wonderful !
once again they are delicious !
awesome .
barb 's bakery was wonderful .
it not only looked amazing , it tasted amazing .
the cake was delicious marble with a cream filling .
it was decorated just as we wanted it to be !
simply the best in phoenix .
score !
the chocolate ones are amazing .
thanks !
i am so so so happy that people suggested this place !
wow !
thank you barb 's bakery !
thank you for making my boyfriends cake so perfect for his special day !
everyone loved them !
the cupcakes are adorable and delicious !
the cupcakes are a regular at every family event .
i 've tried a few pastries and found them to be absolutely divine .
amazing !
my birthday cake was from barb 's , best red velvet ever !
absolutely incredible !
this was the best carrot cake i have ever eaten .
super moist , full of carrots and walnuts , perfect amount of sweetness .
the best cake , cupcakes and cookies in town .
we highly recommend them and will continue to use them again and again .
i asked to have `` happy birthday , sue '' written on it .
i had no idea that it would be so beautiful .
and it tasted delicious .
moist and flavorful .
these sugar cookies are absolutely delicious !
but i love you .
i am so grateful for this place !
still one of my favorite 's in the valley .
i think they turned out beautiful , and they tasted great .
a friend brought a dozen cupcakes to my birthday party .
established reputation as the best bakery in town .
you pay more , but you get the best .
the lady behind the counter was both friendly and helpful .
the shop front was clean , well organized and well stocked .
the cake was gorgeous and delicious .
the cupcakes were delicious and were a huge hit !
the price was completely reasonable !
thank you , barb 's for a last minute wedding done right !
the cake was wonderful !
it was a big hit with everyone !
the cookies were really good .
i would highly recommend to anyone !
phoenix proper fun place to visit at any time .
all good and a reasonable price as well .
so you know they are good just with that alone .
barb 's bakery is a nice bakery .
they have a good selection of goodies that everyone will love .
absolutely best birthday cake i 've ever had !
it was a huge hit .
to top it off , the actual cake was delicious .
we took the cake to a park in march and it started to melt .
recently i ordered a cake for my dear friend .
i ordered a gorgeous carrot cake and it was a hit .
the cupcakes are so good and so pretty , i give them as gifts .
omg , was it ever over-the-top good .
undoubtedly the best carrot cake i have ever eaten .
not only were the gourmet cupcakes gorgeous and uniquely made ... .
they were delicious .
i enjoyed the carrot cake one first and later a strawberry one .
thank you barb 's bakery !
the cake was good !
but overall a nice small bakery .
amazing cookies , cupcakes , pastries , and cakes .
my favorite is white cake with whipped cream and fresh strawberries in the middle .
absolutely beautiful every time .
delicious delicious delicious !
i highly recommend one to check them out .
the cake was deliciously made !
thumbs up !
it was a spice cake with pumpkin mousse filling , and cream cheese frosting .
the cake was beautiful and delicious !
so delicious !
was in and out quickly and the lady that helped me was very friendly .
we were happy .
they are definitely our go to bakery now .
great bakery .
staff is friendly too .
i never expected such great customer service and honesty .
i was greeted with both kindness and respect .
thanks guys !
i found the staff to be friendly and courteous .
i found it to be a positive experience .
just honest opinions .
thanks jiffy lube !
really great service and clean facilities !
they made the experience comfortable and were very professional .
as a bonus , the gentlemen always opened all doors for me !
friendly , courteous , and fast .
will be back !
on top of that , their demeanor and customer service was great !
thanks , guys , for the honest work !
was excellent help while we were here .
jesus the manager is a good guy !
this is one of the best borders locations i 've been to .
seattle 's best coffee serves great latte 's and snacks .
good digs !
convenient location , good prices , relaxing atmosphere make for a pleasant experience .
thank you for the great sales this month .
greatest bank in arizona .
great bank and great employees , this is what banking is all about .
he greeted me with a smile and asked how my day was going !
it was pleasant and we got our food pretty quickly .
i like the fact the food came out so fast once ordered !
& especially during the lunch hour !
staff was friendly & helpful .
the & lunch specials were good portions & great price !
excellent service , great food .
crisp , neat and tasted fantastic .
worth the visit and you 'll leave satisfied .
i have been coming here for years and i keep coming back .
yes , it 's an older building but it feels authentic .
hot sauce is one of the best in town .
order the cheese crisp , extra cheese and extra crispy .
the salsa i can eat as a soup .
nice and chunky , fresh , all around yummy .
it 's a good place to go and get an enchilada or carne asada .
the waiter took great care of us and i loved the margaritas .
love manuel 's !
always good food and a friendly staff .
great food ... been eating here for thirty plus years .
food has the same top quality since i started eating here .
like family here ... .
love the food !
best mexican food !
love this place .
always good service .
always delish food .
but everyone has a off day .
my wife and i love this place the food is always good .
i was n't sure what to expect but nicely surprised !
awesome margaritas and the three enchilada dinner was amazing !
and so reasonably priced !
new favorite mexican !
quick , easy and delicious .
service was friendly and quick !
food was super good !
my fianc loved the mango margarita !
we will defiantly return !
manuel 's is consistent .
service is fast and friendly .
chips are warm and salsa is satisfying .
best chips , salsa and hot sauce !
perfect bean burritos .
friendly service and clean .
very very good .
even the side taco was one of the best .
sides were great and the salad was fresh .
manny 's will defiantly be a `` go to '' for us going forward .
authentic mexican food .
good prices , fast , and always consistent .
the recent remodel including a great outdoor patio space was done really nicely .
all in all a very good experience .
the best salsa , hot sauce and chips hands down !
hector , who works in the bar area is the man !
he deserved all of , our tip .
i love the dessert idea of pumpkin mini chimis !
thanks !
the best food !
the best service !
great looking after their recent renovation .
we absolutely love manuel 's , everything is terrific .
they have the very best chips and salsa .
everything on the menu is awesome !
my favorite place .
their food is always excellent .
i love their chunky salsa , not spicy .
their other salsa is spicy !
great staff and super delicious food .
had the spinach enchilada ... excellent chips are fresh and service is good .
i still love this place and free fried ice cream tonight .
best salsa we 've ever had .
the prices are great .
definitely a place everyone should try !
nice location with friendly associates .
assume service , good selection .
love this place !
they are friendly , willing to accommodate my needs , and clean without frills .
your car will thank you .
my car looked great once they were finish .
i 'm so happy that i found this gem !
i recently moved to phoenix and purchased a new car shortly afterwards .
they take pride in doing a good job .
it 's worth the drive i make to get there !
always excellent service .
this is the best car wash that i have used in phoenix .
always a treat to come here .
best car wash in phoenix .
is i perfect every time ?
they will continue to get my business .
this place is a local gem .
they do such a great job and pay amazing attention to detail .
good prices and high quality work .
the employees are friendly .
did the express wax and was pleased with the detail and level of service .
well done !
joe greeted me with a genuine smile and a happy attitude .
thank you for your wonderful customer service and excellent work .
just got the basic wash , but they did an awesome job !
overall , super impressed and i will be coming back !
exceeded my expectations by far !
will definitely come back !
this car wash always does a great job .
the car looked fantastic after they were done .
thanks guys .
amazing service !
i would recommend this spot if you 're planning on getting a premium wash .
great service and joe and tony will work out an amazing deal .
great place to treat your car for a wash .
i have always had fantastic experiences at this wash .
this place is consistently great .
excellent service !
everyone is so courteous and professional ... great job on the detail .
will go there again !
they have always done a good job for me .
i was super impressed with their attention to detail when drying .
woot woot !
they always do a good job here .
the line can get a little long but it 's usually worth it .
good service and fast !
thanks to michael and the boys .
i would recommend this car wash + detailing place to friends and family .
i 'll visit again .
i love the prices .
i love most of the clothes .
it 's always a good experience .
it 's the little things really .
* they always have a well stocked , constantly changing inventory .
great deals were to be had by all .
hopefully it will stay open forever !
i called and had a very nice conversation with an associate .
very fabulous .
thanks grandma for the purse .
their merchandise is quality and lasts .
one of the best steak restaurants in the city .
i have consistently been treated to top shelf food and service here .
the portions were good and the items came at the right time .
i 've been here a couple of times and i recieved great service everytime .
great place for dinner .
everything from the steak to even the water was tasty !
the sides were good - i enjoyed the crisp steamed string beans .
the service is absolutely perfect .
phenomenal !
so there you have it .
top grade meat and over-priced wine and you have a winner .
service is excellent .
best steak in town .
it is an expensive splurge , but worth it .
$ _num_ reverse happy hour , yes , please !
awesome drinks and a great value for your money !
i love everything about this place from the atmosphere to the food !
keep up the good work !
wow exquisite cut !
also really happy about their crab legs !
had a really nice thanksgiving dinner here .
i finished the meal off with some amazing creme brle .
we enjoyed the conversation !
second , the food was perfect .
third , the service was perfect .
i 'm a huge fan of this location .
came here for my anniversary with my wife and had an excellent time .
this is one of my favorite steakhouses in all of the land !
the steaks are amazing , melt-in-your-mouth and delicious !
food is just fine the menu is simple .
if you want a great meal go around the corner to morton 's .
tip your bartenders well and become a regular .
they always have a great selection of produce available and veggie dishes are outstanding .
i usually go with the fish special .
the drinks are good but , yes , overpriced .
houston 's is one of the `` good stuff '' .
but , i love it .
i think the food is great ... .
i just love it .
and i 'm also very , very impressed with the service .
i think the place is very well run .
overall , one of my favorites .
this soup is two thumbs up !
this place is exquisite .
sweet .
excellent service and very good food and wine .
crowded but definately worth the wait .
great staff , very helpful and fun too !
ryan had the ribs and seemed to enjoy those as well !
service has been excellent every time .
the ribs , french dip , and hot fudge sundae are great too .
ice tea is dark and fresh and cocktails are strong .
ok ... it 's a chain .
consistently great food and service .
really strong and really good .
this steak was fantastic .
the thing that i was most impressed by was the service .
well dressed and great personalities .
i like it , i like it a lot !
the atmosphere , service , pricing , and food were all top notch .
i really loved the grilled artichoke ... you must try this .
amazing cheeseburgers !
but ... best burger around !
so good !
the diet coke was soooo refreshing and the server was on it for refills !
i thought the food was fabulous and the service was pretty good !
: - ) great spot for a business lunch too !
thai salad is fresh n tasty !
on a recent trip , my boyfriend ordered the ribs on a recommendation .
he said they were by far the best ribs he has ever enjoyed .
love the veggie burger !
and the fries are awesome too !
the staff , particularly at the bar , are great .
the wine selection is good .
pretty darn good pork bbq sandwich .
good service .
laid back fun atmosphere .
but the food is amazing .
the prime rib french dip is divine and i get it almost every time .
i especially liked it that the refills came fast and without asking .
i had the grilled artichoke which was phenomenal , caesar salad and a burger .
the soup was tortilla soup and it was very tasty .
fresh greens , freshly cooked bacon and croutons - everything was delicious and tasty .
the best salad i 've eaten in memory .
also a very generous serving - i could n't finish it after the soup .
best french dip ever .
pricey but great on occasion .
the new facilities are great .
the bar has plenty of seating and the outdoor patio is nice and large .
the food albeit nothing surprising was great .
all in all enjoyable visit .
they seem to put a lot of care and quality into each dish .
the actual building is really cool .
great outdoor seating area but you can not order dinner outside .
love this place !
and great sushi - it 's true !
i enjoy their food and really like the salads .
it is a fun place to pop in for a lunch .
and it was delicious .
i would definitely go back and recommend it .
_num_ thumbs up !
i have always enjoyed this establishment .
hate to tell you that 's what you are .
you are far superior than any of the fox concept establishments .
the bartenders are amazing and the food is excellent .
expert service .
exceptional food every time .
beautiful ambiance !
the steaks were cooked perfectly .
service was prompt and considerate - always love it here !
wonderful service !
our server was fantastic !
loved the french dip here ( as always ! )
theirs is the best i have had !
yummy brownie dessert as well !
not to mention a complimentary appetizer and a really lovely waitress .
we were so grateful to be treated so well and the food was outstanding !
i love this restaurant so much .
service is always good , it 's always clean , it 's always pleasant .
hillstone is a great upscale yet casual restaurant and bar .
the food is delicious , especially the veggie burger .
it 's one of the best that i 've had .
i also recommend the spicy tuna roll and thai steak and noodle salad .
your customer service is the best of the best .
also , the traditional house salad is amazing !
of course for a $ _num_ salad it should be excellent .
our service was impeccable and the entire restaurant looked very clean and bright .
hillstone is my new favorite !
jill is usually my server and she is wonderful .
the food has always been perfect .
saturday is their chili and it is also exceptional .
if you are entertaining and trying to impress someone this is the place .
a little pricey for my tastes but wonderful food !
yum , yum hillstone !
it was fabulous !
if you 're looking for a steak and fish restaurant the menu is ideal .
fabulous !
the bar waitstaff was very attentive and fun .
great building , food and service .
the servers that i 've gotten have always been very attentive and friendly .
all great .
this is my very first review ever , and hillstone 's definitely earned it !
i ordered the tuna sashimi salad , it was delicious !
the tuna was so fresh , it melts in your mouth , yum !
one of my very favorites in the valley .
right away .
i 've been here many many many times and it is always a treat .
houston 's is incredible !
spinach artichoke dip so good the incredible filet mignon .
like butter and delicious .
service was excellent and the food was brought out with perfect timing .
what a great place that i ca n't wait to visit again .
the service is kind and the decoration of the place is really pleasant .
food was great , especially the tortilla soup that they serve on thursdays .
i would highly recommend this place and definitely will be back .
good location right in front of embassy suites on camelback .
very good food and excellent service .
amazing dinner !
the service is great and the food is even better !
great service , great location .
the best swordfish i have ever tasted .
the chicken was incredibly juicy , the swordfish perfectly flakey .
i love that everything is so fresh !
tom the bartender is first rate .
everything was great .
beautiful venue and exception service .
great food and great atmosphere .
highly recommend .
one of the best veggie burgers i 've ever had at a restaurant .
quantities are huge , but it was so good i ate the whole thing .
the food was great , i had the prime rib .
i was impressed with the service and the professional staff .
the atmosphere was great .
my new favorite place !
for our wedding anniversary , we wanted to go to a nice decent restaurant .
it was also good with my hubby 's steak .
simply delicious !
this is the best restaurant in the valley .
great ambiance and service .
had lunch here and was pleased all around .
very pleasant experience and french dip was amazing .
and the wine list was pretty big with some interesting options .
great ambience .
awesome patio .
the food is greatly overpriced , in my opinion .
the atmosphere is ideal .
super commercial , but definitely the best veggie burger in town !
really good french dip sandwich !
outstanding food , service and atmosphere .
spectacular atmosphere .
it 's definitely a five star restaurant , for the price .
we 'll definitely go back .
the potato was pretty decent as well .
contemporary , sophisticated vibe in upscale room makes me want to return .
i recommend the seared ahi !
the staff go out of their way to make every experience a great one .
i loved the layout of the patio and restaurant itself .
fantastic way to get your sugar high on !
i also love the sushi , the thai roll is excellent .
i always sit at the bar , and i highly recommend the margarita .
fresh squeezed fruit juices and good tequila - goes down real easy .
the service was excellent , the food amazing , and the atmosphere very enjoyable !
best affordable wine list in the valley .
the food is fantastic and the service is even better .
love this place .
the food was wonderful .
the service is amazing .
the waitstaff was so friendly and helpful .
spicy tuna roll great , margaritas nice but a little small .
had lunch and it was excellent .
the steak was perfectly cooked , juicy and great favor with fresh french fries .
the margaritas were tasty as was the fresh chips and guacamole .
service was good and the atmosphere was modern and attractive .
there is a great looking patio and the bar was spacious and comfy .
i would recommend this any time for a great dining experience .
fun and lively on fri and sat nights .
my absolutely favorite place ever !
i love the atmosphere , food & cocktails .
perfect place to indulge .
service is excellent .
the food is great , service is great .
atmosphere is great .
staff is friendly and professional .
you 'll enjoy your dining experience .
hillstone always does it right .
usually a wait so cocktails at the bar will do just fine .
on occasion we will bring our _num_ year old son .
he loves to stand by the open view kitchen and watch the chefs work .
service from start to finish is always on point .
hawaiian rib-eye , prime rib and the spinach dip are my favorite .
perfect .
great atmosphere great service .
my favorite dish to order is the thai noodle salad with beef .
always great going to hillstone for dinner !
fantastic , one of the best chain restaurants one can hope for .
food is 4/5 but very good .
excellent meal and atmosphere .
ribs were phenomenal .
this place is fantastic for a restaurant chain .
great setting , great food , great service !
great meal !
crab cakes and asparagus were amazing .
our waitress india was amazing !
offered suggestions that both me and my boyfriend got .
the service was top notch ... .
this place was so delicious and i ca n't wait to go back .
these guys and houston 's are awesome .
love it !
this is my go to spot .
service is consistently immaculate no matter who you get .
i 've tried it all and love it all .
i had the most amazing time here tonight !
our server melissa was just amazing .
i got the thai ahi tuna roll , it was incredible !
it has cashews in it that make a perfect crunch !
my dad got a burger and coleslaw and loved it !
they also have have chain breaker !
love it !
as always we had a fantastic experience here .
this time was actually exceptional .
he loved the attention and we loved the experience .
still my favorite !
they have the best grilled artichokes .
also get the fudge sundae !
the new york strip is the best steak in phoenix , az .
the service is prompt and professional .
the draft beer is a perfect temperature .
the apple walnut cobbler is a force onto itself .
this place is excellent .
great tasting food and atmosphere .
would highly recommend this as a top place to have dinner to anyone .
i would recommend the rainbow roll because of the citrus flavoring they put inside !
( it 's amazing ) .
i would also recommend the tuna roll as well .
i love the ambience because it 's dark and the atmosphere is very relaxing .
you can sit at the bar as well .
very nice atmosphere .
had the sea bass i believe .
the best dish ever !
the food , atmosphere and service are always top notch .
i highly recommend hillstone and will be returning soon .
one of my favorite places ever !
jill , tom and al are the very best and provide a+ service consistently .
i absolutely love hillstone .
the service is also completely on par .
love this place !
their kale salad is amazing !
please do n't ever take it away !
their roasted chicken entree is also amazing .
we always order the same things because we crave it .
hillstone is one of my go to 's .
everything here is delicious .
good wine list .
even the nice little house salad is so simple yet divine !
love this place !
quick service , great atmosphere , pleasant servers .
the ahi was tasty and the salmon was cooked perfect .
all you give up is a high level of creativity .
love this place !
the food is phenomenal the service is five star and the dining experience amazing .
incredible food and priced appropriately .
staff is all very friendly and always paying attention to your needs .
perfect evening !
he consistently checked up on us which is fantastic .
love this place .
most important ... patio weather = patio sitting .
so good we ordered a second one !
super staff , delicious food and drink , and a comfy patio .
amazing sushi !
incredible service .
ambience is also outstanding with unique outdoor seating .
it was amazing !
bravo hillstone !
hillstone is a great restaurant .
it has consistently good service and food .
the artichoke appetizer is definitely my favorite !
now they do accept reservations and it is worth your time making one .
from sushi to the appetizers to the entrees you are good .
we will return again soon .
the best !
they recently switched to cab for the filet and it is utterly amazing .
consistently tender and flavorful .
a great value compared with major steakhouses , too .
prompt and courtesy , always on top of our needs .
both our items were very good and filling .
their ranch and honey mustard are spot on !
will definitely be back .
keep up the good work hillstone , see you again soon !
the food was expertly prepared and presented .
we are fans for life and we will be back .
best ribs you 'll ever have in your life .
and it is consistently amazing food .
i got lucky today as there was open seating at the bar !
consistency , consistency !
hillstone and houston 's has been consistently good since i can remember .
the best cheeseburger in town !
great sushi !
classic atmosphere .
i enjoy lunch here on sundays after a round of golf at the biltmore .
food is _num_ % consistent , and service is always top notch !
this place is pure class .
i love this place !
i was surprised to see the sushi menu .
a bit pricey but it was worth it for a special occasion .
service was excellent as well .
the sushi was very good .
service / wait staff was good .
their cheeseburger is consistently good and served on the perfect egg bun .
i normally am not a fan of coleslaw , but theirs is phenomenal !
just perfection !
if you are looking for food , service , and consistency this is it .
top picks ; appetizer thai tuna roll sushi amazing !
really we are foodies and this is the best ny .
the service is impeccable .
amazing sushi .
great ambiance and great outdoor space .
love this place ... .
great place for happy hour !
french dip sandwich and spinach dip are a must .
service is top notch and restaurant is as clean as can be .
always a classic and high end dining experience with never a let down .
great place for a business lunch .
the service is excellent and the food is great .
it is a little on the expensive side , but it 's very good .
the atmosphere was really nice : chic decor .
service was excellent , very attentive .
the ribs were perfectly done .
overall , enjoyed the experience .
their menu was very diverse , so worth trying different dishes .
great place to lounge and just have drinks .
their burger is perfect as are their ribs .
that makes it worth it .
highly recommended restaurant .
absolutely incredible experience .
cozy upscale environment that was very neat and clean .
we enjoyed the mix of flavors in each dish .
came here for hh with some friends .
love the vibe and feel to the place .
our server was excellent !
one of the best servers i have had in a long time .
wow !
she has earned our loyalty and we will be recommending hillstone to all .
without exception , hillstone is the best casual restaurant in the valley .
thank you hillstone .
we went for a weeknight dinner and loved the place .
it was a perfect mix of slaw , fish & pickles .
hubby had the french dip & devoured it !
great service & atmosphere , we will definitely be returning !
nice place for a good dinner or to grab a drink .
but its nice to take a glance on the way to powder my nose !
i 've always been well pleased with this establishment .
amazing .
regardless , hillstone 's is worth visiting for some really good eats !
awesome everyday every time !
staff is awesome .
you can order anything and it 's going to be awesome .
this place is my favorite restaurant hands down .
the service is top notch , i always request to sit with michael .
really great food .
first time @ hillstone and my experience here was amazing !
great food and service ( katie ) .
hillstone is one of my go to 's .
everything here is delicious .
good wine list .
even the nice little house salad is so simple yet divine !
consistently great food and great service !
always great food and great service !
this has got to be my all time favorite .
great ambiance and bar area .
love love love this restaurant and the service is awesome .
waitress always assist with the meal selection .
someone is always greeting you .
the salmon lunch portion is awesome .
amazing food .
both are delicious .
the spinach dip is also great .
service is amazing and the staff is so friendly .
hillstone is a great phoenix area restaurant !
the atmosphere and food is truly exceptional .
i would recommend it to anyone .
i would call in and make a reservation .
also , their desserts are phenomenal .
i would also recommend the thai noodle steak salad .
fantastic experience overall .
the sushi is quite cold , tastes super fresh and is memorable .
the great service brings me the side of croutons , with a minor wait .
it is also the best bar for people watching .
my # _num_ favorite restaurant .
consistently excellent service and perfectly prepared food .
the sushi is fresh and fabulous too , you really ca n't go wrong !
i know we 'll be back soon for another family outing !
but it is good , and once in awhile , good is good enough .
hillstone is the perfect business dinner or date night spot .
the bar is nice and the patio is great .
wow !
so fresh and delicious with little roasted cherry tomatoes like pieces of heaven .
our meals were equally good and high quality to match the prices .
worth every penny with impeccable service .
i love this neighborhood restaurant .
the best sushi roll on the menu is the thai tuna roll .
it 's delicious !
they are consistently amazing .
great food and great atmosphere .
great restaurant !
we loved the environment and the bar .
tried the coconut shrimp roll and the prime rib , excellent !
the staff is friendly and service excellent , adding to the overall experience .
definitely recommended .
burgers are some of the best .
we loved it !
our server jimmy did an amazing job .
we will definitely be back !
the service was great and very friendly .
we ordered about _num_ sushi rolls as appetizers -- they were all amazing .
our service was top notch .
the best veggie burger , the best service , the best ambiance !
and it has been consistently like this for years !
( good for them ! )
you 'll be pleasantly surprised !
the food was great and the service was great .
the grilled artichoke appetizer was creative and yummy .
hillstone is a fantastic place to grab a lunch .
not only is it pretty simple it is also delicious .
the staff is great and the food is great .
i would recommend going here very much !
great food !
staff super friendly and remember you each time .
recommend to anyone !
the sushi is amazing !
the food here is top notch .
another great option for an appetizer is the coconut shrimp sushi roll .
unusual and mouthwatering !
the bartenders are exceptionally awesome !
enjoy !
i absolutely love this place !
highly recommend !
i highly recommend it .
absolutely fantastic fresh burger with the best tomatoes you will ever have .
each time the food had been over the top delicious .
i love the vibe of the bar here .
i love the people who dine here , as well as the staff .
they are friendly and remember regulars !
had the chicken , cashew kale salad it was very good .
service is excellent , a little pricey for what it is .
food is amazing !
wow !
i definitely recommend this place .
we absolutely love the artichoke and i am a sucker for their fudge sundae .
food and service was amazing .
our server , denise , was friendly and made our evening .
highly recommend !
always excellent service from the wait staff .
food is always right on .
will continue to treat my clients to hillstone .
this is definitely a place for atmosphere and ambience .
very impressive exterior patio and interior dining room .
otherwise i love going to hillstone !
the food is generally amazing !
the best fish sandwich i 've ever had .
fantastic service , great atmosphere .
service was attentive and friendly .
delicious fries .
great lunch place !
steak was really good and recommend the chicken sandwich to try .
also had coconut shrimp sushi and wow is all i have to say .
came here for dinner with mom and bf - it was a great experience .
our waitress had a good sense of humor .
the food was just as good as always .
perfect !
wow !
the key lime pie and hot fudge sunday just rounded it all out .
prices are fair , service is great and food is always good .
excellent place to dine .
they fixed it and i am a happy camper .
getting a cracked windshield is never fun !
via la apple !
true story .
i have always had great service at this store .
everyone has always been really friendly and i have had only great experiences .
the sales staff is really knowledgeable , friendly and helpful .
go check it out and enjoy .
what great service !
i was able to check out with the associate !
friendly , very knowledgeable , and quick service .
the staff there are friendly and very knowledgeable .
the layout is neat , clean , and efficient .
kudos to apple !
best staff ever !
he especially good at adobe creative suite instruction .
thanks apple store !
great deal !
thank you !
usually packed with apple fans .
i love this place .
this store has greatly improved customer service since my last visit .
good job !
wow !
such a great experience compared to dealing directly with verizon .
i would recommend this particular store for their great service !
good service !
everyone is just super friendly and upbeat .
i love good customer service .
very pleasant experience with every employee i encountered .
super friendly staff and extremely quick service despite being very busy !
this place is great .
everyone is super friendly and does what they can to help you .
the attitude of the employees really makes this place spectacular .
still a great place .
i love the apple gadgets .
i trust for their quick and reliable services .
store is clean , cool and enjoyable to use all the product !
great location too ... lots of stores and restaurants in the same complex .
definitely recommend !
there is no service better than apple .
always accommodating , so smart at what they do with amazing service !
always had good experiences .
i 'm happy to see apple making a come back .
they really do `` just work '' .
the guys teaching apple camp did an awesome job !
will definitely do this again next summer !
that was great service and helped me out of a very tight spot .
most apple stores are the same but this location has exceptional customer service .
the employees are very down to earth and genuinely enjoyable to work with .
this store is organized chaos at its best !
the customer service was great , the turn around time was even better .
apple stores are always extremely helpful .
she did give me a nice pull string bag which i really like .
i was surprised and pleased by the expedient , expert assistance i received .
well trained staff ; professional , friendly and so helpful .
love apple products !
friendly and always fun to visit this store .
everyone here is so warm , inviting , and fun .
the energy in this store is right up my alley !
i 'm apple happy again thanks to a senior advisor named eric .
i 'll take two !
the staff here is super friendly and knowledgable .
very reasonable timing .
excellent first experience at this location .
everyone at the store was kind , helpful and patient .
very knowledgeable and friendly staff .
this store represents the company well .
great customer service !
i use apple products and really love them .
they are all flawless and soon will try the watch .
josh did a great job for me at the genius bar !
i had a great experience with the genius bar .
i use apple products and really love them .
they are all flawless and soon will try the watch .
josh did a great job for me at the genius bar !
win !
wow .
bought my first mac and i went to the right place !
it was a big chunk of change but gon na be worth it .
staff here very helpful and made my purchase worthwhile .
love it already .
aaron was extremely helpful and super awesome .
i will definitely be back !
thanks for the help !
you guys rock !
extremely good customer service .
very personable and helpful employees .
thank you taylor for great customer service .
awesome customer service !
i am really happy with the service i 've received at this location .
my computer and my phone run great .
excellent customer service !
excellent service in this apple store !
the guys that help you make the appointment are awesome too !
great space and great location !
kelly at the front is probably my favorite person ever .
the office is very clean .
i referred my husband here and he loves the whole staff too !
if you are looking for a new dentist , definitely come here .
awesome dentist and remarkable team !
he 's professional , kind and has a great attention to detail .
his hygienist , tiffany is also amazing !
i highly recommend this practice !
i was so happy when i stumbled across this place .
the sandwiches vary between $ 5-6 a pop with a wide assortment of options .
amazing !
the fresh bacon makes it mouthwatering .
a great find in the neighborhood .
the deli keeps it classic with their offerings but their ingredients are top notch .
the staff is extremely nice and helpful .
i will continue bringing my car here for service .
this place is amazing , they are friendly and honest .
i will bring all my vehicles here for service .
will definitely be going back !
maurice is outstanding .
he is very polite and professional .
very friendly and overall make me feel comfortable .
thank you again maurice !
maurice is great .
gives an honest assessment and a fair price .
completely trust these guys .
i was very impressed and pleased with the service i received !
maurice the manager was very professional and offered great customer service .
i will definitely be coming back to this location .
shuttle service to work and home , too .
tony and his guys are the best .
compared to most mechanics - they are amazing !
i highly recommend taking your car to either location .
they obviously care about their business and do n't treat it as a hobby .
thumbs up for local businesses !
honest , friendly and caring .
these guys were fantastic .
tony 's was finally able to make an accurate diagnosis and repair .
friendly , honest , efficient service !
they always do a fantastic job with anything and everything .
most importantly ... they 're honest !
great service every time i go for oil change or maintenance work .
must be doing something right !
good experience .
everyone was nice and seem knowledgeable and got the job done .
i am very pleased with the service and work done on my car .
they are honest and are excellent at their work !
tony 's auto provides excellent service !
our food was very good and our server was a great guy too !
we had a great time at the arizona country club .
the services was awesome and the food was good .
best of all was the view of the golf course and camelback mountain .
great service , delicious food and an absolutely stunning view .
the bar on friday nights is the best happy hour in town .
so you can relax .
one of the great old school phoenix courses left !
this club is excellent !
the pool is huge and great for lap swimming .
tiger woods and arnold palmer have played here .
this place is top notch .
the facilities are amazing !
has a very classy rustic feel to the country club .
the tennis courts are really nice .
keep up the good work !
the service is fantastic and the people are outstanding .
wonderful and so helpful even on a saturday !
i love this walgreens !
i enjoyed this place thoroughly .
they offer different nights with various discounts , ie .
i play in a league here every tuesday , and i love it .
free pool on fridays , good guinness , and free poker on friday nights .
nice jukebox , although pricey .
the staff is always attentive , and the specials are worth showing up for .
even the food is okay after a few drinks .
i feel great and no more pain pills !
the staff is friendly and personable .
thanks doc !
highly recommended !
the staff is always helpful & friendly .
what a great personality he has and my son loves his adjustments .
i ca n't recommend him highly enough !
thank you jesus that i did !
excellent service .
great experience .
thank you so much !
you 're my hero wish i got your name !
tried this place the other day and the food here is very delicious .
service was superb and the food is great !
everything about this place was great !
this is a good restaurant for the money .
the gyro was pretty big and was good .
other than that , it 's a good quick place for greek food !
the pitas are the best too !
the owners are super nice and get to know you personally .
it 's a good place for a date .
this little place is gold !
quality ingredients is key to this restaurant .
the meat , vegetables and dressings are amazing .
the owners are incredibly sweet and enjoy having their customers in their restaurant .
love , love , love this place .
the salads are the best greek salads in town !
: ( so sad this great little place is closed .
upscale combination of french and southwestern cuisine .
expensive but well worth it !
wonderful fine dining experience with an old school feel .
best wine list ever !
i enjoyed the experience more than the food .
hands down one of the best in phoenix .
great food and wine .
service is usually flawless .
the wait staff is prompt and professional .
the food , from beginning to end is overwhelmingly delicious .
it is all so good .
everything is delicious , but i love the black bean soup .
the service is great and everyone is friendly .
what a great place .
another instant top _num_ favorite .
it is located in a pretty silly place but i love it .
so good .
the dishes were very classic french fare , and all were exceptional .
we really enjoyed beef tenderloin , smoked salmon quesadillas , and pecan pie .
my favorite phoenix restaurant .
my son loves the short ribs , my daughter loves the ravioli .
we all love his pastries and desserts .
great wine selection .
very good restaurant .
great desserts .
wonderful service and delicious food !
everything we ate was delicious and fresh and very carefully prepared .
loved the complimentary flourless chocolate cake at the end .
make sure to ask for the original room - very cozy !
the food was amazing !
the place is really good and so cute !
went here for lunch with my aunt portions are great !
you get free fresh croissants and the service is excellent .
reasonable pricing for the food and the venue !
everyone should experience this place at least once , it 's that good .
i am always amazed at how good the food and service is .
i will be back !
the food was fantastic , my steak was perfectly cooked and delicious .
many people in the party had the salmon and gave it great reviews also .
i will certainly be back !
the best omelette i 've ever had !
the staff is very attentive , yet almost invisible .
they always have amazing service and i have never been let down .
expensive , but good for special occasions .
plus , all of the food was amazing .
paella and savory crepes delicous .
love phoenix restaurant week !
fantastic meal .
great service .
wonderful atmosphere .
the makers manhattan is a good addition to any rich and flavorful entree .
the food is consistent and always delicious .
one of my favorite brunch places of all time .
food was great , high quality .
ordered the beef wellington and it was done right .
service was attentive and friendly .
it was valentine 's day and they offered some lovely sweets at the end .
overall , nice place and would recommend it .
the best french restaurant in this town !
service is outstanding !
i love scott he always goes out of his way !
and everyone else there is always so nice !
totally amazing .
wonderful scallops .
service was amazing !
the best meal we have had in years .
great and affordable wines available .
amazing service !
the house made bread and croissants were amazing !
our anniversary was well had here !
hands down one of the finest in phoenix .
excellent food and wine .
service is typically perfect .
everyone was formal and really giving the night a great feel .
i absolutely loved me meal .
she loved them .
very refreshing .
fast service .
sonic is great .
great beverages and treats .
this particular location is good .
so , i tried it !
well , i love it here .
damn good stuff .
best for smaller groups , no more than 4-6 people .
an absolute steal , hidden away .
wonderful food , great ambiance , fabulous service !
i 'm heading back next weekend !
really really good .
we walked right in - it is very cute and charming .
their prix fixe menu gives almost unbelievable value on truly fine eats .
truly fine .
absolutely delicious !
best value for upscale restaurant in phoenix .
waiter and service were terrific .
food was fantastic , as is to be expected .
this is my favorite restaurant in phoenix .
i had the duck confit and loved it .
great spot for excellent food at excellent prices .
this is one good french restaurant .
the food was amazing as is the service .
i am a fan of french food and this is the spot .
the staff has always been great with us .
excellent restaurant .
this place is outstanding !
great deal for french country bistro food .
this place is absolutely amazing !
the food was outstanding , the portions perfect , and the service excellent !
breakfast at the bistro is a relaxed culinary treat .
very good !
best was the service .
well worth the drive across town .
i love the way they taste !
this place is fantastic !
the service was fantastic .
btw it was yummy , excellent sauces .
i love this place .
it has the perfect lunch portions , atmosphere and menu .
visited vincent 's today with a local resident .
it was delightful .
very impressive and i would go back .
service was outstanding .
this is a great spot for a date , and the price is right !
unique dishes and atmosphere .
great specials and free desert .
the hot chocolate is magnificent .
the spinach quiche is the best i have ever had .
it is so savory and tender .
allow yourself time to relax and enjoy your meal if you can .
other wise it is still worth it just to pop in for a bite .
wow !
great food , great wait staff , not an overpriced menu .
i had the best cheese platter that i ever had .
one of the best experiences that i 've had in awhile .
very nice place .
their brunch menu is very small but great !
great weekend brunch or lunch option .
this place is quaint !
the service was to die for , and the food was very good .
i will definitely be back for more .
look out for the coffee , its strong !
they have great food and excellent service !
it has a cozy ambience and their staff is very accommodating and friendly .
their food is very much affordable and it will surely delight your taste buds !
there are a few things i love about this place .
it keeps me coming back !
i absolutely love their omelets - super fluffy !
i will be coming back !
great place for a date .
everything has been at least good , and some things excellent .
service has also been great .
the food , the atmosphere , and the service were all great .
what i was most impressed with was the service .
our waiter was very knowledgable and patient .
we will definitely be coming back !
wonderful french bistro ambiance .
absolutely love this place !
what a great find !
the best part is unlimited croissants !
service is fast and quick .
had a lovely brunch here .
not exactly french food , but very satisfying .
amazing croissants as always !
i liked the feel of the place .
both were good !
the prices were great !
great sunday breakfast after church .
the staff is friendly and was great with my daughter .
croissants are yummy and my daughter loved the cookies after the meal .
both meals were excellent and the service was impeccable .
everything looked so good .
they nailed it !
tried the top of a pizza - beautiful thin crust yet very garlicky .
overall great job !
great french inspired dining at a reasonable price .
the prix fixe menu is the best way to sample the menu .
found this quaint little bistro that is so charming .
the ambiance is spot on french country .
great little hideaway .
it 's our favorite breakfast/brunch place .
delicious ... ... ... ... .
great , friendly service .
good size portions , wonderful menu .
a great way to start the day .
adorable atmosphere , delicious food , and great service .
we had a lovely date night here .
super friendly staff .
great value .
trust me , you will love this place as much as i do .
the food and wine were phenomenal and a good time was had by all !
it was a wonderful experience !
the coffee was great too .
i will certainly be back !
plus , all of the food was amazing .
great dining experience overall !
my favorite neighborhood restaurant in arcadia !
the french cuisine is wonderful .
the service is friendly and quirky here , too , which i love .
absolutely amazing !
perfect sized portion .
favorite restaurant in phoenix !
food is delicious , staff friendly and ambiance is warm and charming !
this place is the best !
great food , amazing customer service , love how intimate it feels .
definetly check it out .
good for a date , romantic dinner , brunch with gals .
this place is great .
they all have been really good .
i love the environment , cozy and vintage .
great brunch restaurant !
such a cute and cozy place with nice servers .
and reasonable price !
lovely food !
all the bake goods are so fresh , food is great !
it 's that good .
quality food well prepared and great price performance !
the food was great and the service was even better .
this is my favorite place to come for breakfast !
plus , the breakfast entrees are extremely affordable and tasty .
excellent food and service with no wait time .
the food was presented well and the taste was superb !
the staff are very attentive and courteous .
it was perfect .
the creamy sauce was perfect also .
it 's a great place to get brunch .
the chef uses really fresh ingredients .
all the desserts are wonderful , too .
my favorite french food- it 's so good !
i 'm in love with this place .
delicious .
the service here was great !
the lobster bisque and dessert were amazing .
this is an amazing brunch spot !
the complementary desserts were an unexpected treat and were amazing .
we will definitely return !
ahh this is one of my husband and my most favorite phoenix restaurants .
this is a restaurant that has great character and charm .
the salmon is my personal favorite and the service has always been great .
our favorite restaurant in the united states .
love it !
great ambiance !
superb service !
love the food !
all ingredients for an outstanding fun time !
enjoyed it every time !
top to bottom the best food in phoenix .
this is a very quaint place with a small parking lot .
they open with warm croissants , and the service was prompt and friendly .
they were delicious .
a fantastic evening dinner and dessert while in town for business .
thank you for great service !
thank you chef vincent !
the crab cake salad was delicious .
the halibut entree i ordered was perfect .
the decor on the plate ( presentation ) was great .
the servers were excellent !
so awesome .
i loved the outdoor environment with options to shop , eat and relax .
: ) i will definitely be back !
pros : great food .
friendly and attentive service .
this place is absolutely amazing .
the food is great , the service is wonderful and everyone is super friendly .
i would definitely recommend this to anyone who lives in or visits phoenix .
will go back very soon !
cute environment which is right behind vincent 's on camelback .
great service and a prix fixed menu in the evening as well .
simple and comfortable .
can you say following or community .
i love this place !
prices were very reasonable and coffee was great .
very nice and welcoming staff .
great food !
very tasty .
how cool is that !
if you support local businesses , please support this one .
it is a gem !
and that morning cup is great , the best cup of coffee going .
marie , the owner and `` lady '' behind the coffee lady cafe name .
and she knows the meaning of `` customer service . ''
i love seeing the same face !
she recommended the breakfast sandwich open faced with a triple americano .
i went with her recommendations and it was delicious !
great way to start the day !
friendly cozy neighborhood coffee shop .
will definitely stop again some time .
they have the best crushed ice !
i 've been searching for an amazing cup of coffee and i found it .
she was great .
my coffee was amazing , nicely priced , and extremely fast .
best chai tea latte ever !
owner aside , the latte was good ... rich , robust , and flavorful .
otherwise , the coffee lady 's tops !
i tried it for the first time this afternoon and really enjoyed my experience .
it 's a cute restaurant and the service was wonderful .
i was made to feel very welcome .
right around the corner from my house .
great little place .
i 'm happy to support this small , local businesses .
really good , great toast .
very affordable , also .
the sandwiches are spectacular !
great bread and ingredients , try the curry chicken salad !
oh , and the coffee , top notch .
wifi is awesome as well .
great for fall !
my friend got a caramel mocha latte .
this doctor 's office is amazing !
i can tell that she will be a wonderful family doctor .
i ca n't say enough about her and highly recommend her !
i love this place !
she is awesome and so is her assistant !
she 's easy to talk to and will do anything to help !
i 've been a few times and will return again and again !
i love this doctors office .
she is genuinely concerned about her patients and their health .
her assistant is great with follow up and very friendly .
he actually listens and asks questions and is very smart .
great doctor that i trust !
fabulous care .
nothing but good experience with them .
wonderful staff that was very friendly and concerned with everything i mentioned .
dr. bell was amazing .
after another appointment i am still so happy with this staff !
they are more then happy help you in anyway that they can .
still love dr. bell !
this is such a great group of doctors !
i 'm a nurse and i know what a great doctor should be like .
i always have a great experience here .
they made me feel so welcomed on my first visit and they actually care .
they were very professional , personal , and kind .
he 's wonderful and i very much appreciate his bedside manners .
this location is fairly clean , decent sized , and easy to get to .
but if you avoid those times , you will be fine .
love _num_ hour fitness !
very clean and they are always cleaning it .
the best part is is classes , so many to choose from .
it is fun even with the older folks .
love , love , love the sauna and steam room .
overall good place to workout , place is a bit old .
i love their classes !
the club is clean and machines are always in working order .
the staff is always so friendly .
every session is different and i always leave feeling accomplished .
the staff is really friendly , and the trainer ryan is really helpful .
i also like the sauna !
thumbs up !
highly recommend !
is by far the best .
i highly recommend this gym and brian .
this guy is hands down the best personal trainer out there !
he will take care of your fitness needs !
basically , she is amazing .
i always leave feeling like i accomplished something and love it .
i always have a great workout .
it 's because of him that we committed immediately .
love it- cleanest location i 've been to yet .
pleasant surprise !
this is a fairly good home depot .
the staff is usually fairly nice and knowledgeable .
extremely helpful and positive staff .
i had a really great trip to home depot in east phx .
he invited me to bring my bike inside and located all the necessary parts .
i always have a great experience here , but this was off the charts .
home depot is essential if you own a home .
they even let you bring your dog inside !
chris is awesome !
extremely helpful .
had a great experience again here thanks to denise at the pro desk .
great help for my future jobs !
thanks !
but overall service was great and fast .
definitely a place to go to for all your hands on projects .
what great customer service !
love the staff .
the best !
therefore , i have had a good amount of interactions with customer service reps .
i will definitely be back to this location .
big box supply stores have there pros and cons .
bill deserves employee of the month for going above and beyond !
one of my new favorite neighborhood bars !
tasty stuff !
good selection of sports on the tv above the huge windows facing the rink .
just another sign of a great dive bar !
the ice house is great !
the owner has done a great job making everyone feel at home and welcome .
they have a great beer and liquor selection .
have fun and let me know what you think !
its interesting and i have never seen anything like it .
last but not least , cheap drinks and nice tender !
the second time i went was on a steamy sunday with my best friend .
this is one of the best overall bars in phoenix .
love it !
yes , this bar is actually attached to the hockey rink !
how great .
fun dive bar with epic comedy show on wednesday nights .
nice .
good tunes .
great bottled beer selection .
nice staff .
very cool place .
dive bar with spectacular craft beer selection .
one of the best ( in a small joint ) in the valley .
this place is a low-key hideaway with friendly staff .
watching live music here is a really up close and personal experience .
fantastic bar !
great beer selection !
i 'm not big into ice skating but this is super fun .
cool place .
friendly staff and friendly crowd led us to have quite a nice time .
you have to go check it out !
this is my favorite bar ever .
ok i will !
fantastic interesting place .
views of the skate rink with a fantastic beer selection and great live music .
the beer selection is amazing .
where everyone knows your name .
local bar was a great view of the ice rink .
awesome hole-in-the-wall .
fun bartenders .
great beer selection for a total dive .
entrance looks shady but it 's the right one !
love this place so much .
always the friendliest people and an awesome bartender .
my best drunken nights have occurred at this lovely little place .
under new ownership !
the new people are great !
the service and unique location make this a great hockey dive bar .
sean is awesome !
but he made it fun welcoming and friendly !
thank god for sean !
new year !
thanks for making it fun and the great service in the hood .
what a great experience we had .
drinks were good , great prices .
love this bar because sean was a great host !
i love this place !
they have really beautiful stuff here , some new and some estate .
i 've always wanted a family friendly jeweler .
they are so excited to help you !
i do now as well .
i love my ring and love the service .
they have a great selection so of course its always fun to poke around .
i will recommend this jewelry store to everyone .
my fianc and i have had such an amazing experience with them .
everyone is great here .
great local place !
best jewelry store in the phoenix metro area .
stellar service with a smile .
prices are fair , and their jewelry is stunning .
my wedding ring looks just like the day i got engaged !
very friendly , honest , helpful and reasonably priced local jeweler .
i would most definitely recommend w r williams - thanks chris !
the price was fair and the service was excellent .
i would recommend this jeweler to anyone considering jewelry .
the `` supreme master '' is one of my favorite restaurants in town .
mmm , mmm good !
definitely a must-try !
it 's reasonably priced and the food portions are perfect .
they have fresh juices and a very healthy vibe .
the service is always good and it is never super packed .
the food is great , it is inexpensive .
pretty tasty dish .
this place is wonderful and totally quirky .
it does n't taste anything like lobster , but it 's so delicious regardless .
the staff is kind of strange but they all seem genuine and caring .
this place is awesome !
i love it .
the hot tea that they serve you is my favorite !
i do n't have much to add , but this is a great restaurant .
the food is very good .
i recommend it .
i will fly to arizona just to eat any one of those things .
and to see david .
he 's the next best thing about veg house .
the complimentary tea is excellent .
however if you end up with david he takes very good care .
great stuff .
hopefully , they do n't change the recipe but i 'm guessing they will .
the food is excellent !
the fried rice is also delicious .
all that is well worth the quality of the food though .
love love love love love this place !
today i had their house fried rice and it was also delicious .
great portion sizes .
try the `` pink lady '' or the delightful `` sunny forest . ''
it was very good !
i came back today to try the hawaiian burger and it was good .
the loving hut is among my favorite restaurants in phoenix .
despite a packed restaurant , the food and service was excellent .
mongolian delight was delicious , juicy and very flavorful .
fresh , flavorful and healthy .
looking forward to trying out the other dishes and supporting a friendly humble establishment !
first time at the hut an i 'm really impressed with the food !
and it 's good for you !
love this place !
the sizzling rice soup is my favorite !
it 's always really clean and the bathrooms are nice too .
their menu has quite a few choices , and everything looked good !
delicious !
superb !
the food was delicious !
this place has the best spring rolls i have ever tasted .
plain and simple , this is some tasty vegan chinese food !
love love love it !
definitely a favorite .
great vegan cuisine !
the service was great and everyone was so nice !
the food is amazing !
i will be here again !
fantastic !
highly recommend .
i would definitely recommend this place for vegans and vegetarians .
lentil soup was the best i 've ever had .
: ) best vegetarian restaurant in phoenix !
awesome , delicious , flavorful , hearty and vegan !
definitely a restaurant for food lovers .
great prices and large portion sizes !
best vegetarian restaurant in phoenix !
incredible !
i have gone several times and everything was wonderful !
yummy food and nice people .
the hawaiian burger is divine .
i absolutely loved it !
the service there is good and so is the environment .
a very lovely restaurant .
i had the new york charm .
this place is a less expensive but just as tasty green .
great service , enjoyed the noble broccoli , chocolate cake !
weird white atmosphere , but quiet and clean !
we are so happy to have recently discovered loving hut ... a real treasure !
our server linda was a true sweet heart and was very hospitable and welcoming .
the service is great at this location .
it 's organic , vegan , and gluten free !
it is definitely hands-down the best cheesecake i have had at any vegan restaurant .
it was good .
just the right amount of spicy .
great job , loving hut !
great quality and delicious .
very friendly staff !
i have also tried some of their desserts and drinks , totally tasty .
people are super friendly there and it has a nice clean fresh atmosphere .
the dining area was clean and well lit .
i love this place .
amazing !
for lunch i had the ocean sandwich which was a great pick .
my boyfriend had the loving burger and also said that was pretty good .
this place is great !
i got vegan pho and it was the best i 've ever had .
excellent vegan food .
loved the fried tofu .
quiet and pleasing atmosphere .
amazing meat substitutions and the flavors were delicious !
and , the best part , it is affordable !
highly recommend !
definitely try the western burger !
delicious !
so yummy !
i always bring non vegans there and they always love the food !
everything i 've ever ordered has been so tasty !
that was one amazing dinner that i had here .
service was also great .
definitely on my list to go back to next time i 'm in phoenix !
absolutely delicious food !
and it 's all vegan !
amazing !
we almost always order the pad thai , it 's glorious .
not a traditional pad thai flavor but even more delicious .
we just love this spot and the wonderful people that run it .
loving hut has nice staff and the menu is great .
me and my lady 's favorite spot .
the food has flavor , and surprisingly vegan .
you can easily have a great experience here if you 're not vegan .
manager is very nice and friendly .
positive atmosphere .
very delicious vegan food with wonderful customer service to go along with it .
yum yum yum !
outstanding !
always great !
the best vegan food .
excellent food !
very interesting items and of course an awesome place for vegetarians .
i love this place !
yay wonton soup !
the wonton soup was good , especially the wonton filling .
the bread did go really well with the soup , though .
highly recommend .
staff is sweet , restaurant clean , and great service .
the service can be slow but the food is worth the wait !
loving hut , i love you .
finally got to try this place !
great for grabbing a quick bite .
wonderful menu with mostly asian influence .
huge portions , and the veggie meat was quite tasty .
we ordered the spring rolls , the pad thai and the ny charm .
i absolutely loved the ny charm , and the pad thai was ok .
the food and service here is great but could improve .
great food and service !
wait staff was great !
would highly recommend everyone give them a try .
i love this place !
great quality , variety of great dishes , and delicious definitely recommend this place !
a nice , quiet little place with vegan fare .
the staff was very nice .
recently turned vegetarian thanks to places like this that showed me delicious healthy food .
i love this place !
great quality , variety of great dishes , and delicious definitely recommend this place !
small place and took a while for carry out but worth it !
incredible !
always take my out of town guests here !
while waiting for our orders she checked back with us frequently .
great job `` loving hut '' !
go -- you 'll like it !
best meat that is made from plants in town .
he was impressed with their beef noodles .
the cuisine is oriental and pretty darn tasty at an honest price .
your mouth will love it .
love the studio and the family feeling of everyone there .
the classes are wonderful and the teachers are amazing !
it is an amazing place !
highly recommend !
everyone who works in his office is very friendly , efficient and helpful .
she 's awesome and will refer out if you need additional services .
he was very nice and gentle person with a lot of patience .
i recommend this place .
i see dr. bob and he is great !
everyone is very friendly and this place was recommended by a friend .
highly recommend .
very happy with this place .
the staff is amazing !
i had an awesome experience with perfect results !
my experience was amazing with this company .
staff was awesome , helpful and professional .
i recommend anyone to get this procedure done here .
i appreciate their honesty .
i still recommend this place to everyone .
every single person there was extremely nice and helpful .
do n't want any longer get your best eye sight now call them today !
everyone is very professional and has your best interest as a priority .
i have always had sensitive eyes and allergies .
she rocks and will make your visit great !
they are very upbeat , friendly & still professional .
from the very start the whole staff was super nice and courteous .
would definitely recommend this place to everyone !
i _num_ % recommend anyone getting this done .
great place to get glasses , from purchase to repair i trust alex optical .
i would definitely recommend this place .
i highly recommend them and moreover , i trust them .
i visited alex optical today and had a great experience .
everyone was super nice and helpful .
their prices were great and i love the glasses i picked out .
but i did like the fact that they had a lab right there .
i 'll be back , definitely ... when i need another eye exam .
i will return !
affordable prices and great customer service .
if you want the kids to have some fun , this place works .
everything from start to finish was great .
i love his method and experience .
i am very happy with my results .
i would definitely recommend him to any of my friends .
hot shot is one of the best .
i would highly recommend them !
the grounds are kept really nice and it is safe and clean .
the units are spacious the updated apartments are really nice .
neighbors are nice and it is quiet .
my husband and i eat here pretty regularly .
they also have soups , burgers , and salads .
the portions are quite large for a `` regular '' meal .
the spam musubi is good here though nothing special .
ono is friendly , crisp , and clean .
yet i really think the katsu here is the best .
loved it !
i 'm a fan for sure .
i love hawaiian food !
just like back home with one scoop rice and authentic mac salad .
great portions alway have one order for lunch and dinner .
i like it !
and it turns out it is right down the street from my house !
good plate lunch .
reasonable price and delicious food .
we have also dined at the scottsdale location & all three are great !
love ono & always stop when in the area !
definitely hits the spot when i 'm craving some korean food .
a great spot for an asian type lunch with big portions and quick service .
a great place for some hawaiian taste !
everything here is really fresh and yummy .
i love ono !
the short ribs were also delicious !
i love this place .
great food i love the bbq chicken & chicken katsu combo .
good quick taste of hawaii in az !
be sure to try classics like kalua pork and the musubi 's .
it has delicious cabbage , amazing macaroni salad , & sweet hawaiian rice .
best macaroni salad i 've ever had and love the cooked cabbage .
love the sauce and flavor .
the food is really delicious here and definitely is made fresh to order .
great fast food place .
clean , food comes out fast , tastes great .
you get really great value for the what you pay for .
food here is amazing and priced just right .
looks ok and clean .
the food was good .
yea , it was good .
great for lunch .
also liked the choice of regular rice plate or plate with green salad option .
good portion , good bbq and great mac sal .
i highly recommend this place if you want your island bbq fix .
very tasty authentic hawaiian style bbq .
staff was nice , food came out very quick and tasted delicious .
excellent chicken katsu !
absolutely delicious .
despite all these bad reviews i will definitely be a repeat customer !
this panda bear meat tastes soooo good ! ''
they display the fresh vegetables they use on a daily basis .
the carne asada burrito was particular great that night .
fantastic .
this place , in contrast , is great .
great service , great portions .
all-around best quick mexican food joint around .
the specials are marked on a board by the counter as you come in .
the girls that work there are always nice and friendly .
the breakfast burritos are great too .
the people are always super fast and nice and its cheap !
i love this place !
better than the other huge franchise in the valley .
the cashier is so sweet and the food is always great .
tricky to eat , but amazing .
great !
excellent , very upscale jewelry boutique .
they will custom make anything and did a wonderful job on my wedding ring .
they were very patient through the process and i was impressed .
great watches to custom priced right engagement rings .
they are the best .
the people here are incredibly friendly and the customer service is outstanding !
best experiences and best jewelers in town .
being a very high-end jewelry boutique your time in there is worth every second .
wow , decent ballet in phoenix ... pinch me .
wow .
what a great program .
it was an absolutely amazing performance with stunning set changes .
the dancers were incredible and very fun to watch !
we will definitely be attending future performances featuring ballet arizona .
i think ballet arizona did a fantastic job .
check it out !
what fun !
the performance was fantastic and very talented , the costumes where amazing and beautiful .
super professional environment .
very efficient staff .
love the arizona ballet and their school of ballet .
the dancers , wow just beautiful to watch .
thank you ballet arizona for the beautiful performance !
look forward to seeing other productions in the future !
both were equally fantastic .
symphony hall is very nice as well .
thanks for a wonderful evening , ballet arizona !
and what an amazing production it was !
what a beautiful performance .
this production made me want to go to the ballet again and again !
very professional and very entertaining .
it was a beautiful performance .
they both did an amazing job and are excellent dancers .
i had never been to the ballet before and will now return wanting more !
i really appreciate all he has done for our family .
and i would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor !
dr. riley is great .
very pleasant .
he 's welcoming and easy to communicate with .
i moved , got new insurance and needed a new dr that was close .
i found dr riley on yelp , i found all of the reviews helpful .
he recently moved to banner healthcare .
he is a great doctor and a compassionate human being .
very well read and has an incredible bedside manner .
i would recommend him to anyone .
highly recommend dr. riley .
great doctor .
he has an excellent way of communicating symptoms and issues .
i really appreciate all he has done for us .
i love this place .
i crave their sandwiches .
they have this garlic sauce that 's simply wonderful .
bring gum !
sandwich is free .
locally owned which is cool .
i love eating here !
croque has earned high marks with me .
croque is a very different as well as delightful kind of place .
great food and fast delivery .
as for customer service , the gentlemen kindly greeted us and got our orders .
i recommend this place for some good lunch eats !
ordered the club sandwich and delicious !
very fresh and the condiments were perfect .
will repeat ... .
friendly family owned deli .
the ramen soup is amazing !
i love coming here , and so do my kids !
excellent creative , unique , and delicious options .
spicy chicken bowl is amazing !
fast delivery & nice people running the joint .
so far so good .
was hot and fresh .
service was friendly and my to go order came out pretty quick .
oh and their chocolate chip cookies were delicious !
the food was amazing and i will be ordering from them again several times .
my friend got a chicken pesto sandwich and it looked amazing .
the spicy chicken bowl is wonderful ... the salads are great .
delivery is fast and friendly .
the garlic sauce is amazing .
their food is fantastic lunch food .
i absolutely love their salads !
their croutons are amazing .
love there food , everything is super fresh and delicious !
love the owners too , down to earth and very caring people .
that was so nice of them to do and so delicious to eat .
my favorite lunch i have had delivered in the past year by far !
the owners are incredibly nice and accommodating and take pride in their food .
delivery is super fast , and everything arrives fresh .
my favorite is the veggie bowl - delicious !
one of the best sandwiches in the valley hands down .
the french fries are always made fresh and they are perfectly crisp and hot .
it is worth the drive to have a great sandwiches .
great customer service in a clean and welcoming location .
i love the salads .
homemade dressing is so good .
best sandwiches in the valley !
everything is top notch and i love that it is locally owned and operated .
lily and david , the owners , are wonderful .
the food is fresh and delicious and all tastes home made .
this is a fantastic little discovery .
highly recommended !
the food was delicious .
will definitely go back but hesitant on ordering another side .
sandwich and the rest of the food was very good .
but , the food was great .
i ordered the veggie bowl , spicy with brown rice .
have been here a couple times and always had consistent good food .
if you 're in a group best to order all together .
the food has been excellent every time .
sandwiches and soup !
i love their baguette bread .
always so fresh .
the delivery associate is always so friendly .
friendly service as well !
i 've used these guys a couple times and they always come through .
otherwise , thank you copy works !
opened up yelp to find a local place nearby .
so i guess i 'll show my appreciation with a little yelp love .
jewel and her staff are the best !
the prices are very reasonable and turnaround time is fast .
i definitely recommend this place .
always quality , always a good price , and always on time .
the staff are friendly and my daughter has a ton of fun .
i do abby bella dance classes here and love them !
zumba is so much fun .
my favorite instructor is definitely jenny .
she has so much energy and is so much fun !
it 's a steal !
i just loved it !
my daughter and i are loving this place !
so many class options and the teachers are great as well as engaged !
all the teachers are wonderful .
we love this place .
the beer got gross and warm , but the fun kept coming .
we had a great time and the staff was really nice .
you will be pleasantly surprised .
and oh boy the sausages are good !
this place is a wonder .
all kinds of sausages , and meats .
great place and like all german butcher shops , it 's closed on monday .
simply the best .
so glad we found this place !
everything is fresh and tastes just like we get when we are in germany !
this is our number one place for authentic german meat .
best german sausages that i ever had .
this place is as close to `` home '' as it gets !
the service is gracious ... .
every sausage tastes authentic and fresh !
this is a true phoenix treasure !
nothing i love more than german sausage !
and the sausages were fantastic .
excellent !
rather small selection but what we bought looked fresh and tasty .
fresh bread , lunch meat , beer cheese .
as a german , be assured : this is real , delicious german food .
you can smell and taste the freshness of the sausages .
everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable .
makes the hour drive for me ( one way ) well worth it !
i love all the varieties they offer here and will keep shopping here .
great service .
very friendly and helpful workers .
very nice , helpful employees .
clean , fast , friendly !
love this new subway !
if you park in back make sure you 're good with using your mirrors .
i got the swedish massage and was very satisfied .
my fianc and i had great experiences with the right touch yesterday .
yes , please !
we will definitely return again soon !
for my money , it is the best .
amazing , amazing , amazing !
finally , a massage place that gives great massages with a great experience .
here , great massage at a great price .
i highly recommend .
really excellent !
kelly is one of the best .
great little place .
highly recommended .
one of the best massages i 've ever received !
thank you for the rockin ' massage !
i was very impressed .
susie was amazing !
the custom massage was the perfect fit for my needs .
they also got me in same day !
i highly recommend this place and i will definitely be coming back !
massage so good i booked another for the following week .
went in for back and sore hand and i feel awesome .
this brings me to susie .
she is possibly the best massage therapist i have ever had .
the location is an older house - it is nicely finished .
it is clean and the tables are comfy .
had the greatest massage ever with kelly .
what a sweet and talented therapist .
good touch .
very competent .
i will be back !
this place has honestly saved me .
thank you so much !
the atmosphere is relaxing , the therapists are professional .
absolutely the best in phoenix !
very nice and quiet for a studio on indian school .
thank you again brooke !
the next day i felt great !
thanks for the awesome massage !
it makes browsing a lot of work .
the selection of rare books is really quite amazing .
i picked up a few books , but i 'll definitely be back .
a fantastic place to pick out a special gift for a friend .
best selection of used books in the valley .
the owner was incredibly nice .
a great bookstore !
because of the constantly changing selection it is a place to visit often .
great selection at scottsdale prices .
new pot found !
i was able to get one here .
i love this place .
great concept & idea .
ps cool new location !
i feel really comfortable walking around there and just looking .
i love this gas station .
the lady who works nights is awesome .
awesome .
they also recently remodeled and added on a bit to the store itself .
im glad they are always improving this place !
what a neat place in the center of town !
everyone was so friendly here and we especially enjoyed wandering the trails !
great for families !
it was so much fun !
everyone had a good time .
the environment is so natural and beautiful .
i would recommend it for any event .
this is a great place in south phoenix .
we had a great time !
great little hidden nature center in south phoenix .
friendly , fast , clean .
great selection .
each flavor is labeled with the calories and details .
service this afternoon was great he was so nice and helpful .
he was all alone managed it very well .
the installers did a fantastic job !
the service we received from day one was professional and courteous .
we highly recommend them , and will definitely use them in the future .
thank you lasting impressions !
the quality of food here is really good .
i just had a fantastic bean and cheese burrito .
the tortilla was so fresh and tasty .
the beans were creamy and well spiced .
there was the perfect amount of cheese .
the atmosphere was pleasant and clean .
great place !
my boyfriend and i love the food .
we love the staff .
and , they always get them right with a smile .
we 're always at comfort here and leave with a satisfied tummy .
i love rubios !
you also got ta love the salsa bar .
this is the best rubio 's in town .
the employees and management are so friendly and accommodating .
the place is very clean and they seem to be very happy working here .
shout out to steven , he is really nice to all customers .
generally great food .
rubio 's by far has the best fish taco , it is absolutely delicious .
perfect shrimp tacos .
great flavors .
nice break from baja fresh and chipotle .
flavors are more authentic mexican .
we went back twice we liked it so much .
i love this rubio 's !
the food is always fresh .
taco tuesdays ( $ _num_ for a fish taco ) is amazing !
solid menu , cheap , and satisfying .
love their salsa bar .
it 's fast , not too expensive , and the good tastes good .
grilled fish taco was great as was the orange shrimp salad .
quick for take out , reasonably priced , good service .
i liked the little salsa bar too always a plus .
she knows my order by heart and and is always super friendly .
the food is always fresh and delicious .
happy national guacamole day !
thanks to the friendly staff and quick service !
wow !
i knew with my first bite that i had found heaven !
rubio 's delivered with the amazing mango habanero mahi mahi taco .
i love it when they greet me and always get my order right .
we also had a shrimp taco which was absolutely delicious .
will definitely be back .
very tasty and fresh seafood meals .
good combinations of food .
if you like coconut , the lemon bar makes a great desert .
perfectly fried and priced right .
good size and the white sauce is better than most .
happy hour on tuesdays is your best bet .
fresh yummy food .
she was so patient as we placed our order .
super friendly and helpful through out our visit .
our family of four loves this place !
the food is super reasonable and fresh .
it is consistently great !
we love this place !
plus , the salsa bar is always stocked and the place is always clean .
rubio 's is definitely fast food done right !
great with a movie at home .
rubios is delicious , fast , and fresh !
for a lighter option the balsamic and roasted veggie salad is delicious .
i love the salads they have here .
and the enchiladas were also very good !
i finally found it in v 's .
i would highly recommend him to anyone .
as always the atmosphere was great and the service was excellent .
my son had his first haircut today and diane took care of the business .
a joy from start to finish !
love this place .
great haircut and shoe shine .
keep up the good work !
the shop is very clean and the staff greeted me right away .
i received the best haircut i 've had in ages .
look good , feel good .
right .
well done , you 've received a new loyal customer .
these guys are really really good !
the hot towel shave is a must !
i highly recommend him .
super affordable and amazing service .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
still great .
always there to give you great service .
keep up the great work in .
finally found a top notch old school type feel barbershop with v 's .
very reasonably priced too for the fantastic service you 're getting .
she was great and made me feel at ease .
great way to treat your hard working face !
your hair is perfect , man . ''
great experience in the shop , clearly great results on the streets too .
oh , my fiance loves it as well !
great spot .
if you make an appointment they are always ready right away .
great cut .
really clean and enjoyed talking with the friendly , but professional barber .
one of the best haircuts i 've had .
definitely my new barber spot .
made it to v 's today and had the whole deal !
alex is great !
i would recommend this as a great christmas gift for any guy .
found this gem when i moved into the neighborhood and so lucky i did !
the experience here is second to none and barbers are top notch !
i did a cut and shave today with gus , highly recommended barber !
great barbershop doing it right .
fast service , perfect cut , and friendly environment .
would highly recommend it !
the service was great and the floor space was n't ghetto at all !
a great place to just hang out and enjoy the company of friends .
that man has found the secret to life .
biggest crown on the rocks i have ever had ... .
it 's clean and the staff is courteous .
caring , understanding staff coupled with incredibly smart doctors .
we all love her !
her staff as always been fast and friendly .
nice facilities and a in house lab .
the salon is nice and inviting , has always been a pleasant experience .
katie is a coloring master !
highly recommend her !
and some great jewelry ... !
i walked out looking sassy and feeling better than ever .
this salon has the most professional staff .
lauren williams is a curly hair expert and continues to provide amazing service .
she is now using an organic color line which i love !
she really provides superior customer service which i greatly appreciate .
she is a fantastic colorist .
definitely worth the thirty minute drive .
the service was performed perfectly and i would n't hesitate to refer her !
i made an appointment and i am impressed .
she is super sweet and amazing .
she always gets the color perfect and the cut always looks great .
i would highly recommend this place .
love this salon .
very clean and all of the stylist are very talented .
great local business to support .
really great place !
thomas martin has been working magic on my hair for years !
he is a true artist .
all of the salon locations are beautiful .
great local business to support .
go see thomas - you 'll be so happy !
julia is amazing !
got a groupon and went to see amy for a full highlight .
loved her work , the salon is beautiful , and she was super nice .
every employee at the salon had amazing hair so id trust them all !
amy was quick , but i consider that a good thing !
each and every time , i have been extremely pleased .
the salon is very clean , which is a big deal in my opinion .
go see annette !
: ) she 's wonderful .
her prices are n't unreasonable , and she always treats you so well .
she is amazing .
definitely recommend !
you really can see anyone - they 're all so talented .
`` ... i 'm always happy with the results .
i highly recommend seeing veronica for any hair service needed !
i love coming here to get my hair done ( color & styled ) .
jessica does a great job if you need your makeup done .
it 's a great salon in the arcadia area .
i have n't had the food but the agua frescas are amazing .
the melon is amazing right now .
enjoy !
it 's definitely authentic ; not healthy by any stretch , but authentic .
love this place .
soooo good !
they have one of the best carne asada tacos !
this is hands down some of the best mexican food in the valley .
the `` street tacos '' here are outstanding .
friendly staff .
strong .
we will see you again soon my friend .
plus , their carne asada is actually seasoned !
the best thing ?
the tortillas always taste fresh and the salsas are full of flavor .
definitely beats taco bell .
if you like flan , get theirs ... it 's delicious !
staff are very friendly !
great authentic taste .
she 'll take care of you .
i think this is the best mexican fast food place in town !
there 's a little wait sometimes but it 's well worth it .
their salsa is amazing , same with their shredded beef tacos and horchata .
amazing authentic mexican food .
employees are happy to help if you have any questions .
price is relatively inexpensive and you get a huge quantity .
the tongue and tripe tacos are delicious !
great salsa bar selection too !
im not a taco lover , but this is the best taco ever .
excellent pastor tacos .
this is the authentic shit .
but this place is authentic and fresh .
the meat is always cooked great with no weird pieces of fat in it .
fresh ingredients and affordable .
it 's very clean and the staff is so friendly .
best fast food mexican in the area .
authentic and tasty .
great food and great customer service food was amazing .
well , that was n't the experience i had .
the staff at this office exceeded my expectations !
the soft tacos and crunchy tacos or the best .
love it .
love the burrito bowls !
chipotle is probably my favorite fast foot chain .
everything tastes good and fresh .
the other is how they charge you for everything .
fast , efficient service even if there is a line .
staff has always been friendly , and the restaurant has always looked pretty clean .
love this chipotle location too !
the chicken burrito is great as always .
love that the food consistency is the same at every store .
of all the chipotle 's i really like this one .
this chipotle location always has fresh ingredients and a friendly , attentive staff .
great mexican for being americanized chain ... .
always clean and fresh with friendly staff .
the service was fast and friendly .
i love chipotle , so good .
it 's a little expensive but it really good .
the staff is friendly and attentive .
i love coming here .
it was so fresh and satisfying with just the right amount of spice .
so , so , good .
glad to have you in the neighborhood chipotle !
by the far the most friendly chipotle i 've been too !
everyone was more than helpful not to mention the food was amazing and fresh !
the service is friendly and fast !
the food is fresh and perfectly seasoned and cooked !
the ingredients are scrumptious and the experience is sublime .
it not only happened to me , but my friend as well .
still , the burrito fillings were delicious - deserving of _num_ stars .
love the staff at this location .
the food was good .
good service .
awesome in one word !
great job !
i love this place .
the chips are the best .
the price is good for the amount of food you get .
it is a somewhat healthy meal for a good price .
worth checking out !
i 've always loved chipotle .
good going chipotle !
i love chipotle !
the food there is so good my favorite lunch place .
check out this poster that they had on their wall !
maurice is super friendly & makes a great burrito !
thanks maurice for the great experience !
this girl is the sweetest employee i 've ever came across !
really impressed - i know i 'll visit again when i 'm in town .
always delicious .
great staff !
now that is customer service .
great location and awesome customer service !
ugh !
great location parking is ok .
love chipotle !
could actually eat it every day .
this location is so professional and kind .
love coming here for my lunch time !
unbelievably clean place with unbelievably sweet owners .
great for take-out .
yes , i agree this place is a gem .
always fresh .
the food is good .
it 's local , family run business and the service is awesome .
awesome food !
i dream about the falafel from here .
prices are a little high but so is the quality .
the fries are fresh and so is the meat .
this is a small place that clearly show the love of the owners .
sometimes i get it with rice - yum !
everything is really fresh and cooked to order .
the pita bread is light and fluffy and the hummus is excellent !
all are fantastic !
customer service is wonderful !
it is a little high in cost , but well worth it .
wow -- what a find !
the service is very friendly , and they are attentive .
the establishment was very clean , with friendly service and good food .
you should check it out !
real customer service and great food .
this place is very refreshing in an era of dying customer service .
clean inside and clean kitchen .
nice staff and super good food .
i would definitely recommend everyone go give them a try .
it was just delicious .
the place is super clean and they have an outstanding inspector rating .
great lil mom and pop joint had the chicken gyro and salad .
they were sweet people who served good food .
thank you for all the years you were open .
i honestly almost cried .
i was extremely pleased with the service and availability .
i really appreciate it and i would recommend his services to anybody !
dr. andy is great !
good place to drop in for an adjustment , and affordable , too .
well , i completely agree with tina !
friendly .
well organized ( amazing amount of merchandise in a relatively small space ) .
now i have fun sewing and i love the new fabrics !
i left feeling inspired and excited about sewing .
great job to staff & volunteers .
everything was beautiful .
food was fantastic .
good job ladies ( & husbands ) !
i feel special when i go to this store .
i will return another day !
everybody here is very friendly and helpful .
happy shopping !
such a wonderful store with fantastic employees !
can you review water ?
the shaved ice is amazing !
they have every flavor you can imagine !
outstanding !
great water and great service .
love the shaved ice !
lemon and cotton candy are my favorite !
the friendly staff make every visit enjoyable .
what a cute little water place !
so many wonderful flavors !
best water in phoenix !
the best water ever !
all of the workers are so nice !
i do recommend this an afternoon snack !
have fun !
love this place !
i get my brows done by jessica she is the master of brows !
he is very kind and his work is very consistent .
so there , now you can find her !
seriously though , she listened , had great suggestions for my thick curly hair .
i love my haircut !
good guy to small talk with too .
we will be back to see these guys again !
it is clean and tidy .
they make sure you are comfortable and well informed .
a very professional , welcoming and understanding group .
i would highly recommend this center to anyone who is considering this option .
an extremely caring facility .
the entire staff is extremely compassionate and understanding .
he is so real and straight forward which i found to be very comforting .
you are in good hands here .
give it a try !
the white pizza is particularly fantastic !
the food is great here !
it 's amazing , that 's what i can say .
definitely a solid pizza and an awesome calzone .
it 's the best i 've ever had ?
she calls it as she sees it and i think that 's great .
yeah , it 's that good .
amazing.
great new york style pizza .
i got slices to go which is so convenient !
so i let it go .
the pizza is the best and it 's a pity they do n't deliver .
the crust is amazing .
outstanding really .
best italian food in town .
simply the best of phoenix .
good prices , relaxed atmosphere and good food .
great pizza .
it hit the spot .
better than the others in the neighborhood .
casual and friendly atmosphere .
they still have a fun place and solid food .
best of ny .
friendly service too , and love that it 's locally owned .
i had the white pizza and it was delicious .
the crust was perfect .
we also ordered the garlic twists .
one of the best white pizzas i have ever had !
i love the owners !
so nice and funny .
they hung out with us at our table and shot the shit for awhile .
the service , atmosphere , and food were excellent !
this has got to be the best place for a calzone , hands down .
quality ny slice of pie .
this is a mom and pop , family place and it exceeded my expectations .
sure , but i 'm more into good food than good aesthetics .
great !
donna is a wonderful , friendly person .
the pizza , salad & wings are all great !
my new go to !
best takeout pizza i 've had in a while .
great sauce , crust , cheese .
all around a good bet .
the food is great , and the staff is very friendly .
food tasted as good as stuff from back east .
best pizza we 've had in a long time i definitely would go back .
really good pizza and _num_ slice lunch special .
best pizza in phoenix !
this hidden gem is located behind bosa donuts .
highly recommend !
the pizza , salad and donna are amazing !
we frequent this place for lunch as it 's pretty close to work .
it 's new york style .
the pizza is really , really delicious .
lovely people own the place , too .
i went there the other day to mail a package .
scott , the guy behind the counter , was an interesting character .
it 's worth it .
great place for printing !
this is the my go to neighborhood nail place .
i have found my new place and it is such a relief .
i always get my acrylics done here !
great place !
definitely recommend and the prices are very reasonable .
my nail technician , tina , was wonderful too .
it is usually pretty quiet inside , which i happen to love .
i love this place !
i highly reccomend them to all of my friends !
i think they 're terrific and very inexpensive .
i 've never had a problem and am always pleased with mani/pedi i get .
lynn is my favorite !
i love this spot !
lisa is is amazing and the girls are all so friendly !
i always feel so relaxed when i leave .
this place is my spot .
i love all of the girls there and they all know me by now .
i even took my wedding party here for our big day .
so many people compliment me on my nails !
lisa did a fantastic job on my gel manicure !
a place i will recommend to all of my friends !
susan was my tech and she was capable and pleasant .
she did an excellent job and i 'm very happy .
i had an absolute wonderful time getting my nails done here .
the girls are sweet and talkative .
they made me feel welcome and like i was family .
i would highly recommend them to anyone !
i 'm always pleased with my manicures and pedicures !
i love lisa !
she is so good at what she does .
i highly recommend them .
by far my favorite nail shop !
staff is great !
really great place.
ask for long if you go - she is excellent .
always get the best service .
this is my go-to nail spot .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
best nail place in phoenix by far .
staff is very friendly and the do great work !
great customer service ... but you also pay for it .
together , we created beautiful invitations and programs .
everyone commented on how custom and unique they were .
great custom stuff !
really cute , unique stationary .
great customer service and a beautiful product .
i love this store .
it is adorable and you are able to pick up some unique pieces .
the staff is friendly and i enjoyed stopping in .
she does great work and at a good price .
this is a wonderful store .
they are extremely helpful , creative and a joy to work with .
they can take a concept and turn it into something fabulous .
a fantastic place !
i just found this local gem and love it !
we scheduled our appointment with lydia who is a gem .
very adorable store !
that 's great service !
they were gentle and comforting while being examined .
i love this place .
the employees are so friendly and helpful .
they are also pretty quick - i rarely ever have to wait in line .
the staff is super friendly .
very personable and professional service .
every employee is so friendly !
i think ups gives great service .
they are very friendly and reasonably priced .
great customer service here !
this ups store is amazing !
thanks guys !
bonus - they have a parking spot right out front reserved for their customers .
the background music was perfect as well .
it 's one of those places where you go to dream .
the sales person was very nice and greeted me with great directions .
it is much bigger than it looks like from the outside .
i recommend it to guest wanting antiques .
plus , the guys who work here are super helpful !
highly recommend this place !
these guys are awesome !
love this place !
the staff at batteries plus are friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable .
helpful staff as well .
time will tell ... luckily , we have a lot to choose from !
and the pricing for care is n't half bad .
i would recommend this location !
absolutely some of the best customer service i have ever received .
always take my pets here they seem to love it .
staff is always friendly .
i love everyone in the grooming salon !
the staff here are all friendly and helpful .
i would recommend the training classes to anyone .
thank you pet smart !
you guys rock !
lisa in grooming is amazing .
i highly recommend the duck .
ambience and service is amazing .
one word to describe this place : lovely .
this restaurant knows exactly how to make your tastebuds dance .
our server was so great and offered the perfect suggestions .
excellent service from a new jersey born bartender .
the food is excellent and the service is always superb .
one of the most impressive spots in town .
they have a wonderful wine list too - extensive and not outrageously priced .
very good restaurant all around .
it 's like my home away from home .
my mouth is watering just thinking about it right now .
what a great spot !
excellent wine selection .
the specials offered something traditional but also creative .
good place for a very nice dinner .
we went for an anniversary and they really impressed us !
good job , t cooks !
had a beautiful brunch here .
there was even a guitar player inside the restaurant which is also very beautiful .
t. cook 's is a gem in the royal palms hotel .
the setting , both indoors and out is charming .
t. cooks is simply amazing in every way .
chef lee has transformed this phoenix classic into one of my favorite hidden treasures .
the service was phenomenal .
this is a great place for a romantic dinner .
what i do remember was that the property and restaurant was beautiful .
i loved the classic relaxed ambiance they created .
our favorite restaurant in town .
great atmosphere .
chef lee always gets it right !
the staff were also wonderfully friendly and helpful .
highly recommend t. cook 's for any meal or event .
great food and great service .
i love this place .
the food is usually sublime and the service perfect .
t. cooks is beautiful , with superb service and a wonderful menu .
the table bread is fresh and made every day .
the service was top notch , and the food was excellent .
i would highly recommend this restaurant and hotel .
aside from that , a pleasant experience for an early dinner .
amazing breakfast buffet !
love this place !
we had brunch on sunday and it was great .
it 's a bit pricy but the ingredients seems all top notch .
this was my second time to the t. cook 's bar for happy hour .
i also recommend the spicy seared tuna lettuce wraps .
everything was excellent , but i especially enjoyed the paella .
it was outstanding , the best paella i 've had .
everything was excellent .
had such an outstanding meal here last night .
our server candy was simply outstanding .
plus she offered great suggestions .
happy dining !
great eats at this joint .
new york strip was awesome !
great menu choices at the sunday brunch .
very good service .
i 'm a big fan of t. cook 's .
i think it is a beautiful and romantic dining experience .
i had the best experience with breakfast .
went last night for _num_ year anniversary with my amazing wife .
the food was great too .
even the dessert was great .
the ambiance is so romantic and the service is amazing .
the food was delicious and so fresh .
the live jazz music was awesome too !
we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves !
i continue to be impressed by t cook 's happy hour .
i 'm moving up to _num_ stars because of her .
the food is always innovative and always delicious !
we had lunch at t cooks twice this weekend .
beautiful ambience , excellent food and service , this place has it all .
we enjoyed a moderately priced bottle of red .
service was excellent .
the burger is tasty and filling ... .
most impressive though is the service .
amazing mothers day brunch today !
thanks royal palms !
by far the best cucumber martini around .
very light & fresh .
the location they were using was absolutely charming .
our waiter was so attentive and engaging .
the food was beautifully prepared and plated .
we each ordered a different entree and they were all excellent .
this is definitely a restaurant i would return to .
the service is always excellent and the food is fabulous .
outstanding food and service .
it was divine !
my husband loved his as well .
server was really personable and nice .
exquisite cuisine in a luxurious atmosphere .
great sunday brunch and holiday dining .
an exquisite thanksgiving dinner in a beautiful setting !
very happy with the selection on the menu .
everything was delicious ( especially the corn bisque ) and our server was wonderful !
the atmosphere is always beautiful .
the vibe is definitely `` old money '' .
i also enjoy happy hour at the mix up bar down the hall .
this year , was by far , the best year yet .
the new chef is amazing , far better than the previous one .
the food pairings are amazing , never had foods that went so well together .
our waiter was great , he knew the menu and suggested amazing dishes .
i personally think the quality of food is worth the prices .
service a+ .
there was beautiful seating outside next to the herb garden .
what a wonderful way to spend mother 's day !
it was a delicious brunch with a wonderful spread .
our waiter paul was absolutely amazing .
came here a few years ago and the food was great .
the outside eating area has misters to keep you cool .
wow !
the appetizers were amazing .
my wife 's cod was great .
the service was superb .
the surroundings were beautiful !
thank you for a great evening with friends !
what a great date place .
the food was great !
had the steak for the main entree and was very pleased !
service was great , but not excellent .
ambience is unique and romantic , great location .
service was not quite excellent , but it 's really great .
the beet salad was delicious and the cheesecake was thick and creamy .
i highly recommend !
the roasted beet salad was great on the small side but tasty .
went to a birthday dinner and was so impressed !
fantastic summer tasting menu at the cooks .
the atmosphere is great during the day , too .
heaven .
the food is always excellent and the service is top notch .
good food , good service and beautiful surroundings .
i was pleasantly surprised to be mistaken .
solid meal , everyone seemed very happy .
on top of that the food was delicious !
they made it so memorable for us and we really did appreciate it .
awesome customer service !
robert was our server for our anniversary dinner -- he is the best .
great server with personality !
great place to dine !
wonderful lunch !
one of our best meals this year !
service was great , atmosphere intimate , ask for a table overlooking the courtyard .
and definitely try the organic corn agnolotti !
it was outstanding !
she was friendly and very attentive .
we were surprised and pleased that the restaurant provided us with a private room .
the shrimp and crab were very good .
helped us choose a great bottle of wine and was very friendly .
soooo good !
had a great breakfast here .
they have great coffee and scones , and the service was excellent .
our server , jackie , was friendly and knowledgable .
will be back !
love this place !
lovely , from start to finish .
it was priced pretty high , so be prepared .
fantastic server !
ambience is amazing , food was fantastic and wait staff was on point .
perfect place to come if you have guests in town !
it did not disappoint !
the octopus was amazing !
so much flavor and textures all in one plate .
the dining room is beautifully appointed and is very welcoming for dinner .
the service is impeccable and our server made great recommendations about our dinner selections .
had an issue incredible dinner the other night !
best beet salad i have ever enjoyed .
service amazing !
love dan !
so everybody ordered a appetizer with an entree ... .
definitely a must see experience in phoenix !
went here for valentine 's day and it was amazing .
michael was our server and he blew us away .
he made sure we were having a good time and was very personable .
it made the whole experience that much better .
beautiful and the service was superb .
i 'll visit again when i 'm back in phoenix !
the short rib burger is something special .
what a wonderful meal .
highly recommend hanging at t cooks and the hotel ( royal palms ) .
awesome place for a romantic get away or wedding .
quaint .
will definitely stay here next time in scottsdale .
excellent service .
cocktails on point !
t cooks is a fantastic place on all levels .
our server , jeff was extremely helpful and friendly throughout the evening .
my wife had a steak and it was perfect .
will go back again for our next celebration !
our server was nice and very knowledgeable about the menu .
the pesto spread for the bread is so fresh and delicious .
we shared the chocolate silk for dessert , also great .
it is pricey , but the food is of high quality and worth it .
thank god for einstein 's .
the quality of workers has declined since school started back up .
edit : they have cleaned up service a bit .
love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed .
service is fast once i was able to order .
fast service .
coffee is delicious .
i 'll definitely be coming back !
free wifi and ample seating , perfect for a study session or conversations .
pretty good food for a quick breakfast .
service is good .
top notch experience and love those everything bagels !
it came with a side of fruit and all on all pretty delicious .
line was n't bad and service super sweet .
it hit the spot , the staff was friendly and quick .
the breakfast sandwiches are also good with egg and sausage .
fast and friendly service .
i love the lox bagel !
good local deli .
solid food & ok service .
servers are friendly here and the fries are always fresh and crisp .
a hard worker and such a sweetheart !
the cleanest mcdonald 's restaurant i 've found with great customer service .
the ice cream is great .
i ca n't say much for the food but the breakfast can be great .
all in all i 'm happy with this location .
props to the manager !
great service .
very smart and friendly staff .
the manager and his team are the real deal .
i really love their sourdough bread .
i get the veggie on sourdough and really love the taste .
the pizza is great too !
this plaza is always packed around lunch time .
so good .
and the pizza meal deal for lunch is a great choice too .
i rate the experience as followed .
thanks !
the fitting room lady was super sweet , i wanted to take her home .
the people and this company are amazing !
the level of professionalism is wonderful .
they were prompt and sensitive and completed everything on time at the price quoted .
i highly recommend this company .
thank you !
place is great .
local company , great selection , reasonable prices , and on time delivery .
tempe location ... broadway st .
great on-line service .
their website is very easy to use .
on both occasions the flowers were amazing !
the flowers are fresh and high quality , and the staff is very friendly .
wow .
incredibly easy to work with .
very friendly on the phone .
very satisfied .
they did a great job at a decent price .
they where delivered very timely & fresh !
they did an amazing job !
the bouquets were delivered on time and they looked gorgeous !
thanks for a great experience with your company !
the assistants and hygienists are amazing !
i 'm new to the valley , good 1st choice !
the staff is so friendly , and they make you feel welcome and relaxed .
smile !
the whole office staff is excellent as well .
i like safeway because they are always nice clean and helpful .
if you plan ahead , safeway is definitely the way to go .
my goal is to one day make it about _num_ percent !
excellent service .
always a smile from cashiers .
store is well managed and always in stock .
great neighborhood store .
the starbucks is great .
excellent coffees and service .
i really appreciate the selection of organic foods and produce .
place is clean , location is convenient .
anyways , safeway is great , highly recommend .
friendly service and great staff to joke around with .
yes , this safeway is as good as it gets .
i usually shop at fry 's or albertsons , closer to home .
the sushi quality is much higher than aj 's and even some restaurants .
one of the best safeway locations in the valley .
i had an absolutely stellar experience at all smiles .
it helps that it 's right down the street from my house too !
everyone was just great .
he has some beautiful blue eyes !
i am just so pleased with the cleaning and service i received .
i will recommend all smiles dental to anybody !
the doctor is thorough and very good at his job .
i had the best cleaning i have ever had here .
we really love this team .
we really like this dentist and recommend him to everyone !
the support staff was very friendly !
i recommend this dental practice to everyone !
called the last minute and they got me vip place .
will definitely come back !
my wife and i love our home .
i absolutely adore this cute and cozy apartment complex .
i love all my neighbors .
friendly , caring , and honest .
their new building is very attractive and roomy and the staff is very accommodating .
they 're prices are reasonable as well .
they are top-notch folks .
hands down the most amazing vet one could ask for .
i am so impressed with their care , as well as their follow-up .
i would highly recommend them .
everyone there is very informative and friendly .
the vet and vet assistants all helped me during this new learning experience .
i thoroughly enjoyed the new building , and so did the pup .
it 's state of the art , and inviting .
he always follows up the next day ; its nice to know he cares .
wow !
lucy had a nice first visit today .
so far , i love these guys .
overall , great value , caring doctors , great staff !
fantastic new building ... super comfortable for you and your lil ones .
ca n't recommend them high enough !
i was pleased with the hospital 's service and cleanliness .
the office was clean , new , and well lit .
everyone was really nice .
the staff is wonderful and so very supportive and understanding .
they explained the procedure and very efficient .
i would definately recommend them .
it 's very clean inside .
love this place !
we had a great visit .
the nurse and doctor who examined my dog were excellent .
thanks for being awesome .
newer facility and very clean .
front office staff and vet techs are friendly and professional .
great vet clinic overall !
simply the best around , what can i say ?
great !
i can tell they really care about my dog .
they checked in the next day , and answered questions i had afterwards .
i 'm very impressed and will continue coming here .
my cats are in great hands !
absolutely incredible vet !
highly recommend them !
great and caring staff !
the food was very good , my cafe latte was fantastic .
gorgeous resort and grounds .
exceptional service and staff .
we absolutely loved this place .
i 'm having my wedding here , so i 'm a fan .
courtney their catering manager is great .
service , grounds and accomodations are top notch .
food was fabulous as was the service and the cake !
love this place .
nice quality mattresses , linens , and amenities .
i highly recommend this place to relax and be pampered .
this resort is exceptional in nearly every way .
pool , workout room , yoga and spa services - quite nice .
the other patrons were mature , respectful adults and we had the best time .
stayed here after getting a terrific deal on expedia .
this is a perfect romantic getaway destination and you wo n't be disappointed !
beautiful grounds , great rooms and the restaurant is excellent !
it 's our favorite place for brunch .
_num_ but i 'll round up because of the best bed ever !
and the experience and service are great !
we enjoyed a delicious dinner at romantic , mediterranean t cooks .
we relaxed in the jacuzzi under the stars .
what an amazing place !
our stay was a pleasure from beginning to end .
in all , a beautiful place for a special occasion !
one of the best resorts around .
romantic , hidden and tucked away .
service is top notch .
food is great quality and fairly priced .
i love this place !
the room was sooooo wonderful we did n't want to leave the next day !
stunning , gorgeous , heavenly !
impeccable , friendly service , extremely accommodating .
there were nice smells everywhere .
staff was amazing and skilled in the fine art of customer service .
quiet , secluded , elegant , old spanish , luxurious .
excellent restaurant and lounge with live music .
beautiful pool with cafe .
fantastic service at every level .
perfect getaway .
the property is amazing .
location is perfect .
service is outstanding .
food is delicious .
the spa offers some of the best services ive ever had .
great food , quiet pool and lovely rooms .
the royal palms is so tranquil despite being near the heart of scottsdale .
our guide was friendly and gentle .
the staff are incredibly accomodating .
everything is superb .
attention to detail , focused and sharp .
i enjoyed the eggs benedict , although it was somewhat cold .
it is a beautiful resort .
it has a beautiful patio and great service .
in short , customer service here is phenomenal .
astounding even .
you will love it .
such a beautiful resort !
the rooms are beautiful & pretty spacious .
the bathroom is stocked with great products from their spa .
this is my favorite hotel to stay at in arizona .
the pool area is so nice , and the rooms are amazing !
the hotel makes you feel like your in a garden somewhere magical .
this place was amazing !
one of the best resorts i have stayed in .
extremely friendly staff .
very relaxing and clean resort .
thumbs up !
the staff is top notch .
this is easily one of our favorite hotels in the united states !
i loved this boutique resort .
: ) the good was great !
would love to go back !
this place is gorgeous .
it 's always a great experience .
the grounds are beautiful and the employees are super friendly !
awesome !
the resort is absolutely breathtaking , quiet and relaxing .
the resort is beautiful and the staff is extremely friendly .
this spa is beautiful and relaxing .
hotel and grounds very well kept for an older hotel .
staff courteous and professional .
the grounds are gorgeous .
interior and decor are rustic chic .
i am in love with this place !
the best and most intimate resort in phoenix .
royal palms is easily in my top _num_ resorts in phoenix .
perfect way to spend a girl 's weekend away !
delicious bread basket .
courtyard location the best .
beautiful old hotel .
the rooms are unique and intimate .
lovely !
the service is impeccable throughout .
i will definitely return to this gem .
it such a gorgeous place that we even took our engagement pictures here !
love , love , love .
the pool bar is the best !
staying here is a real treat !
rooms are so beautiful and the grounds offer great romantic walks .
the bed is so comfy .
very nice rooms .
great restaurant and bar .
excellent service .
the food at the bar and music entertainment was good with an intimate feel .
this hotel is perfect for couples wanting an romantic get away .
great staff , immaculate , and will receive serious pampering .
i loved this spa .
i really like their private line of grooming products .
my massage was great and very relaxing .
the staff was exceptional .
i enjoyed the exercise room on second floor which offered a view .
my girlfriend had a massage at the spa and was very happy .
the bar and restaurant are first rate .
overall has become one of our favorite places .
beautiful hotel grounds , staff were all nice & friendly .
i would definitely come back ... great location as well .
this is a great place for a staycation !
we went in july and got good use of the pool .
the rooms are very nice and romantic .
highly recommend !
this place is so quaint and awesome .
service excellent .
food and t cooks restaurant is unique and _num_ star .
beautiful atmosphere .
well organized .
i love it here .
loved it .
very expensive , but , loved it .
absolutely amazing experience .
i recommend this resort !
yum that was good !
you are treated wonderfully from the minute you drive up .
we slept well and enjoyed our time there .
this place is outstanding !
spectacular service from beginning to the end .
the people in t. cooks remember you and what you like .
they are very attentive and nice .
love their sunday brunch !
basically amazing !
the food , rooms and ambience is just fantastic !
staff is friendly and helpful .
it 's a must if you are visiting az !
great location , atmosphere , and ambience !
great service by all staff members .
wow , just wow !
by far the best staycation we have taken in phoenix so far .
i will stay here again before i die ... hopefully sooner than later .
the staff was friendly and helpful with recommendations .
the food was amazing .
this resort is beautiful and has that romantic feel to it .
the rooms are nice and feel like a fancy house .
the vibes you feel here are very good and cozy .
they have that magic here !
my very favorite hotel in phoenix .
great service !
that is the signature of royal palms - impeccable customer service !
this is the best resort in phoenix !
best experience of my life !
the service was exceptional .
robert was so friendly , helpful and informative .
the experience we had was top notch .
he knows his stuff .
the property itself was beautiful .
decorated nicely for christmas .
everything was perfectly prepared and very tasty .
service was excellent given the venue was very crowded with hungry holiday eaters .
nice hotel .
stayed here during a buy out event , and it was pretty good .
the facilities are pretty nice - they have very well maintained grounds .
the food was a mix of impressive and kind of boring .
fantastic place !
great service , rooms are unique and food is excellent .
property is beautiful as well .
had a great experience at the spa .
first class service .
amazing .
great food .
everyone friendly .
very nice clean rooms .
easy checking .
housekeeping was great .
lobby was clean .
i will highly recommend this location for future large events .
steven at the pool , and steve the gm were fantastic .
it 's a very beautiful and intimate resort .
we will definitely return .
what a treat !
it is a bit over-priced , but the accommodations are very nice and relaxing .
the pool and fountains have nice , private seating and the staff is great .
this place is amazing !
the service was prompt and very kind .
they led us to our dinner hall and promptly served us a drink .
we stayed here last month and enjoyed our stay .
the room was comfortable and included a fireplace and a nice patio .
this is one of my favorite places to stay at !
the property is beautiful and the gardens are great for a stroll .
we loved the fantastic view of camelback mountain from their heated pool .
our room was spacious and clean .
this beautiful spanish style resort is so gorgeous and yet casual .
i would recommend this office to anyone !
i 'm so glad i did !
he was able to fit me in late in the afternoon .
the whole procedure was completely painless .
i highly recommend him .
honest , caring , gentle and knowledgeable .
this dentist 's office is made up of an awesome team .
i highly recommend him !
the team made me very comfortable and always in control .
hardest part is keeping your mouth open for several hours .
i actually was falling asleep during the procedure ; i was so comfortable .
great experience , all-around !
these great reviews are no joke .
this team is awesome !
if you need anything they will do it for you .
this was hands down the best birthday cake i 've ever had .
it was moist , flavorful and beautiful to look at .
they look amazing and they taste delicious .
be sure to try the coconut cupcakes ... they are the best !
tammy creates amazing cakes .
good stuff .
wow !
they also have gorgeous custom cakes .
i absolutely love her baked goods .
the apple cookie has real apples in it !
it was amazing .
excellent breads and cookies .
i am certain they have something which will please any palate .
well played , fellas .
well played .
small wonder ... she 's an artist with the oven .
his arrangements are always lovely , and he is generous within each price range .
he uses high quality flowers .
the fact that he is such a nice person is a huge bonus !
they were exquisite and so fresh and beautiful .
wow is all i can say !
i really like how they will deliver to so many areas in the valley !
she is super nice and i 've missed her .
i go here frequently and they have excellent service .
i would recommend seeing jessica miller .
she is by far the best hairstylist i 've ever seen .
i came in for a cut and color .
i was so pleased with the service .
she was patient , attentive and friendly .
the salon was clean and refreshingly professional .
i would highly recommend coming here .
i recently moved to arizona from michigan .
i love this place !
the atmosphere is clean and chic and i will be back again and again !
i love this salon !
i love everything about this salon .
the atmosphere is bright and open .
it is the only place i have ever been where every stylist is fantastic .
jenna a master stylist stood up to my expectations .
for the price of a master stylist you get what you pay for .
will definitely be back for another style and cut .
worth the drive for me to come and have my hair done correctly .
p.s .
thank you !
still my favorite place to go .
all in all , a fantastic and consistent hair salon .
i would recommend to anyone .
unique meets classic with a big handful of personality in every arrangement !
customer service is the best , the girls will make it happen !
lovely , full of style and completely fabulous .
exquisite products and first class service !
i trust that they will deliver impeccable arrangements every time .
beautiful work .
wonderful service .
clean and friendly atmosphere .
as good as it gets !
my friend knows the owners and i love the flowers here !
they are beautiful , probably the best flowers i 've seen !
great service , great store , great flowers .
stop by and see this gem !
the arrangements are so adorable and unique .
a little pricey but worth every penny !
this shop is amazing !
i will definitely use them again .
thank you !
beautiful shop and flowers .
most importantly , the flowers exceeded any of my expectations !
wonderful shop , with great staff .
teresa and get team do a great job creating unique arrangements .
i love their style as it 's very vintage yet romantic .
her staff is also very friendly and can design whatever your hearts desire .
everything about the decor of the shop is dreamy too !
flowers were beautiful and arrived in _num_ hours .
highly recommend !
the absolute best flower shop in phoenix .
highly recommended !
see you friday guys !
i just love this place .
to get same day delivery in phoenix amazing and so fast .
i highly recommend them .
it 's a place that is always introducing me to new and unique gifts .
most importantly the people that work here are some of the most helpful .
this is where i love to come .
the most exquisite and elegant shop in phoenix !
highly recommended !
the best flowers and customer service in the valley .
you get the best quality and are treated really well !
highly recommended !
this shop is so very cute !
not only do they have beautiful flowers they have great gifts ideas .
thank you again !
thank you again ladies !
this shop carries unique options and the staff is fantastic .
huge fan !
thank you , you are beautiful artists .
i absolutely love camelback flower shop !
everything in there is so fresh and gorgeous !
such a cute shop with great customer service !
the goods they sell are quality and their flowers are downright gorgeous .
loved it !
it 's the perfect place to go when looking for gifts !
they have an awesome section for cards as well .
all sandwiches comes with a little cookies which is always pleasant i find .
it 's designed that way , and lord knows why .
the sandwiches and salads make up for it , though .
i love the sandwiches at this place .
they have the best ingredients and so many options .
great place to get a sandwich .
awesome .
i 've been here twice and i loved it everytime .
it 's light , fresh and packed with flavor .
that in and of itself is worth _num_ stars !
is open !
same great sacks new location !
new space is bright a cool art and lots of parking !
amazing !
sacks is definitely one of those places !
super cool .
i love their sandwiches , especially the symphony and the encore .
plus the free cookie , there really is nothing better for the price .
i love almost any of the sandwhiches .
i got a simple grilled cheese sandwich .
it was pretty perfectly cooked .
very reasonable pricing !
still , i rolled the dice and was more than happy with our meal .
ingredients were fresh and flavorful .
a little pricey yet one of the best sandwiches you can have .
bring your friends and visit often .
i love sacks and will go out of my way for lunch here !
super fast and organized ... .
the sandwiches are always delicious and interesting .
staff is super efficient .
best sandwich in town .
fresh baked bread and delish cookies !
and it was amazing !
would recommend to my friends !
they also have great sandwiches .
always a friendly staff .
simple and hearty .
they always give you plenty to eat and the greens are always fresh .
the others i have tried are delicious too .
great place for a quick lunch !
they have quality sandwiches and daily specials that are always tasty .
love this place .
their sandwiches are amazing but i 'm personally a fan of their salad specials .
all meals come paired with a cookie which is great .
the service is great and so is the atmosphere .
i definitely recommend this place for a lunch spot !
a staple of arcadia , and very well run .
a must visit !
if you love cream cheese like me , this sandwich is for you !
it is fabulous !
always a great sandwich !
my favorite is the symphony !
love the new location .
gina is an excellent resource for all your dental staffing needs !
gina is top notch .
she is great at what she does .
the place is great - secluded amongst camelback mountain .
i 've been here twice so far and highly recommend it !
terrific grounds and facilities !
solid !
his assistant are also great .
and his staff are wonderful .
they are gentle , honest and truly care about their patients .
all of his assistants are super nice as well .
great staff , great dentist .
he 's gentle but incredibly thorough .
kudos !
i would highly recommend his practice !
a professional hands down !
his attention to detail and customer service is amazing .
he has amazing bed side manners and is a perfectionist with his skills .
i recommend all my friends to him and they all love him .
the staff is always friendly and inviting .
wide variety , little bit of everything .
plenty of evening entertainment , free wi-fi , and the friendliest staff around .
mama java 's is the colorful , neighborhood coffee house .
here people get to know each other , and most are worth knowing .
we have always enjoyed stopping in .
a must for anyone that lives or works in the neighborhood !
hot , yummy chai .
live musical acts and open mic nights .
comfy couches , chairs and tables .
service with a smile .
this place is great .
mama java ... often the highlight of my day !
best coffee , truly !
i love mama 's !
thanks mama 's !
for being in a strip mall , they do all right .
i love mama java 's .
it was nice to see other people in there .
i dream about the coffee !
i love this place .
the coffee is awesome , the location is as well .
this place supports phx artists , makes me happy to support them .
the free wi-fi was a great bonus .
this little coffee house is great .
the macaroon was amazing , especially with a tall glass of ice cold milk .
i also enjoyed the art that decorated the walls ... pretty cool place .
the lil orange hair lady was kind and my coffee was yum !
macaroons , yes please !
what a delightful little treat !
but mama java 's gets espresso right !
discovered this gem on a friday afternoon .
great latte .
cool kick back down to earth staff .
i enjoy this place .
the barista 's are always friendly , helpful , and smiling .
awesome coffee and tea .
awesome employees and treats .
great food , great prices .
great local , indie owned coffee place .
this is my spot .
even the patrons here are way cool .
pleasing mix of live entertainment .
i got a lot done .
i enjoyed the music .
i have loved this place for a long time .
keep up the great work guys !
mama java 's is very cute .
) , art shows , etc .
love this place !
they 're so friendly and the coffee is fantastic .
great hideaway spot to work on the laptop an enjoy a coffee .
they have a lot of good choices .
the coffee was well made .
there is good seating .
i like it here and it 's remained good over the years .
i walked in and was immediately introduced to a warm , welcoming atmosphere .
the pastries are so good here .
the vibe is comfy .
so good .
i really enjoyed myself here !
so awsome !
bagel was amazing too !
cool place .
strong americano for sure !
very friendly customer service and decent pricing .
super friendly and helpful !
excellent customer service !
it was really refreshing to receive such great service and i would highly recommend .
the owner and staff here were great .
they went beyond customer service to offer fantastic and informative assistance .
it was fast , simple and i was in and out in one day .
it was the best choice i could have made .
i highly recommend this company .
so fun !
loved , loved , loved it .
chad was amazing !
this was an incredible ride .
totally worth it .
thanks chad .
chad was caring and patient with him and my son was thrilled !
highly recommend .
amazing experience with chad !
top notch guide !
he was considerate , kind , fun , knowledgeable and funny !
thanks jj and chad .
much fun !
when i visit az again i 'll definitely contact this company .
this was definitely the highlight of our vacation !
i highly recommend this company .
the guys are great , genuine , funny , patient and knowledgable .
awesome place !
our guide was gus , who was friendly , courteous , and patient .
we would definitely recommend this company and guides .
this was so much fun !
fun for all ages .
good spot for camping too .
we will definitely use stellar again in scottsdale !
their food is always fantastic , they 're on time , and always professional .
lou and amy are awesome !
they were on time , did a great job setting up the food display .
the food was outstanding and all my guests raved about it .
i highly recommend personal touch catering for your next event .
a+ service !
the staff is exceptional and very friendly .
i feel lucky to be able to work out at the village .
the equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice .
way to experience the heart of the scottsdale community .
they make you feel so right so fast .
the showers are is totally equipped with everything every lady needs .
it 's a bit expensive ... but nice .
they keep the place clean and up to date .
the equipment is the latest and the greatest available .
there are always good looking people and it is pretty busy .
overall one of the best places around to belong !
it 's not cheap , but it is worth it .
nice and clean equipment .
great things for the kids .
i have been to all the village locations and they are all so great !
the amenities are great and the workout space is adequate .
everything is state of the art and all the classes are amazing .
i mainly do yoga and they have all varieties which is so nice !
amanda 's spin class is the best in the city !
high energy advanced riders kind of class !
great place for families , too .
well worth the $ _num_ .
great gym .
great kids club if you have little ones of all sizes .
highly recommend the village even if you do not play tennis .
we love the village !
the facilities are always clean and the staff is polite and professional .
this place is definitely worth the high monthly membership fees .
tennis is great .
people are great and it 's a very social atmosphere .
i think it 's worth it and will continue to stay a member .
i joined a few weeks ago and simply love it !
food- great !
outdoor pool great .
highly recommend .
member since day one .
great tennis facility & location .
i just moved down to the valley _num_ months ago .
the complex is pretty , super nice , affordable .
the office staff and maintenance are very friendly and on top .
i live in a studio and its quite large and nice .
residents here are friendly .
i would recommend this place to anybody .
he cut us a deal and helped our pet chickens .
good care was taken and he even liked our girls !
the vet is wonderful .
he 's very honest and you can tell that he really loves animals .
i love it here and i 'm so glad i found this place .
clean .
no nasty smells .
they are very honest and up front about costs and options .
after shopping around for the right vet , we finally came across this office !
that is exceptional customer service .
the staff was great and the dr was great .
amazing place !
i love cutter 's cottage !
they are super friendly and their prices are great !
june , the owner at cutter 's cottage , is a gem !
she knows color .
she knows cuts .
she knows how to keep a conversation going !
traci is simply amazing !
the cut always comes out right , the service is always great as well .
i will continue to refer people there !
good place to relax over breakfast or lunch .
great wine selection and lots of fun things to try , though .
girls love this place .
he loved it .
are you high ?
strongly recommend this place .
their salads are top notch and the baked goods are delish .
great people watching .
this place is my absolute favorite joint in town .
a great place with impossible parking .
easily enough to share and eat on the patio .
wide selection of specialty sauces and wines .
yep , i heart lgo too .
theirs really is the best i 've had .
i absolutely adore this place .
i hope so !
the pizza here is top shelf .
but , once you get settled - this is a good place to visit .
bliss !
the pizza is excellent , as are the salads .
they have a decent wine selection .
with so many reviews , i 'll simply say this ... .
please please please bring back the grilled lemon cake !
beyond that this place is super charming .
i loved everything about it .
wow !
they threw some grilled tomatoes into the mix of this fantastic dish .
cool neighborhood grocery store .
but other then that it 's definately worth it .
the pizza 's are absolutely delicious and the service was so friendly !
it was truly divine !
love , love , love this place .
excellent food , superior iced tea and a fabulous environment .
now , that 's good service !
our pizza was great , we had the pepperoni and ricotta .
like a previous review , it did feel like a upscale cracker barrel .
all around a great place to eat .
absolutely charming .
good neighborhood sandwich place .
fresh baked goods , lunch items , coffee , and fun products !
everything cool all under one roof !
great place for breakfast , lunch or dinner .
order at the coffee counter , it will save you a ton of time .
sipping a latte and people watching absolutely rules here .
very good , bacon is crispy and the sourdough is great.
the cupcakes are all very good.
also , the iced tea is so freaking good .
if you can walk here , it 's pretty good .
the french pancakes are soo soo good .
stick with the breakfast food !
i get it with egg whites and avocado and it is delicious !
i love lgo .
it comes with a side of salsa which also fantastic .
freshly baked and amazing !
get anything with an english muffin and you 'll be happy .
the parking sucks but you can valet if needed !
i have had always respectful and polite service !
i like this grocery , its cute and phoenix needs this place !
love this place .
coffee and deserts are superb .
love the gifts .
great place for meeting friends .
good eats .
the english muffins are amazing !
highly recommend this place .
the tuna sandwich is fabulous !
definitely visit this place !
stopped by after dinner at the parlor and was pleasantly surprised .
even the cookies looked soft , chewy , and delicious .
the place is charming but very tiny .
nothing exciting , but good .
i ordered the croque madame and enjoyed it so !
wow , it 's been over a year since i have come here .
i forgot how much i liked the unique and tastey sandwiches here .
great place to people watch and enjoy great food at the same time .
ideal for neighbors within walking , biking distance ( thank goodness ! )
the commuter sandwich with avocado was amazing .
i enjoyed the eclectic decor and impressive wine offerings .
great vibe overall .
i had the commuter sandwich with smoked salmon and it was amazing !
i tried a bite and they were also very tasty .
i love breakfast .
i love random general stores .
but it is all worth it and i still give it five stars .
amazing food and ambiance , amazing pastries and so much fun stuff to buy !
my first time at la grande orange and i really enjoyed it !
i 'll definitely be going back for more !
also good and not nearly as heavy as i thought they 'd be .
love it !
love their cute little market too .
and do yourself a favor !
commuter sandwich is delicious .
great coffee .
fun atmosphere with a lot to look at .
definitely reminiscent of southern california .
tasty treats and sandwiches .
friendly service .
good wines at a fair price .
the lattes are good as well .
we also bought the homemade english muffins that are huge !
we have n't tried them yet but the other reviews were very positive .
the commuter sandwich is one of the things i love about living in phoenix .
lgo has awesome food , quick service , and a great location .
i am a huge fan of this place !
they also have a delicious selection of desserts !
that 's _num_ star , but everything else is great .
absolutely fantastically wonderfully delicious !
love their ice tea , mmm mmmm mm !
i love this place .
all good .
fun atmosphere but crowded .
just the way i like it .
good people watching .
i love lgo .
it seems this place is very successful .
other than that everything is wonderful .
i promise you wo n't be left unhappy after visiting this incredible establishment !
soooo good !
saw some hot pressed tuna sandwiches that looked amazing as well .
amazing food , and selection .
awesome idea !
we stumbled across this gem while we were next door at the wine bar .
their baked goods from breakfast to desserts all looked delicious and unique .
we also shared their hostess like cupcake - so good .
great atmosphere & crowd .
totally dig this place !
everything about this place it so worth it .
the important part though is , their coffee !
best coffee i have ever had ever .
lunch is good , and have to try their pizza !
got ta say that la grande orange is extremely better !
the food is fresh , some ingredients are organic .
i love the casual environment .
the bonus is their bakery !
we ordered the ceviche and it was wonderfully fresh .
they were all delicious in their own unique way .
definitely going back the next time i 'm in town ... again .
the pizzas were great and i love having mirror pond pale ale on tap .
this is one of my favorite places in town to eat !
love love love this place !
laid back atmosphere , great music and delicious , healthy food .
it gets crazy crowded !
the people are friendly and attentive .
the lunch and dinner options are great too .
my favorites are the commuter with salmon and avocado , and the cheeseburgers .
the cheeseburgers are amazing ... and i do n't even like cheeseburgers .
i also enjoy their arnold palmer 's !
everything on the menu and in the store is a solid quality product .
if it is something to be eaten then it is delicious .
great food , very fresh and they use high quality ingredients .
their pizzas are really good .
they have great gelato .
i 've eaten a cookie from lgo before and was excellent .
the cupcake was excellent .
my husband and i love having breakfast here .
such a cute place with delicious food keeps us coming back .
the atmosphere is lively and it 's a nice way to start the day .
this is definitely one of my favorite brunch spots .
always a bit crowded but worth the wait .
i 've only gone here for breakfast , but it 's always been superb .
this place is absolutely adorable .
it 's perfect for lunch .
great place .
love it .
thin and crispy and fresh !
excellent !
love the ambiance , customer service and food .
a little pricey but i 'd pay anything for good quality food !
avocado pizza was decent .
best red velvet cake in the world !
the mushroom pizza is amazing .
it was super good !
love it !
so many fun products to check-out while you wait .
i will be back !
this place is awesome !
they have the best chicken salad sandwich i 've ever had in my life !
it 's always packed but thats a good thing !
it 's absolutely delicious !
service is great ... staff always very friendly and accommodating .
i love this place , and the wait is well worth it .
cute , cute place !
i love lgo !
everything that i have had here is always very fresh tasting and delish !
very moist and the cream cheese frosting was amazing !
fast service for such quality food .
this place is great .
this place is popular ( for a reason ! )
the service was friendly and fast .
we will definitely have to return for some of their lunch items !
perfect am protein fix !
absolutely darling .
the to go salads are fresh and more than you can eat .
great place to eat , shop & relax .
the lgo grocery is quite unique .
good food , drinks , and good for children !
beautiful cakes in the display case !
i was very happy that they were able to remake my salad without cheese .
i loved every bit of this place .
this place is so neat !
the place is pretty adorable .
i really enjoy coming here , but the parking sucks big time .
you can thank me later .
love this place !
favorite sandwich , their croque madame .
i love love it !
besides , you can browse the shop for unique gifts .
the fact that this place is dog friendly makes it an extra bonus !
their pizza and salads are some of the best that i have ever had .
i make a stop into this tasty terrific joint ever few months .
pizza and sandwiches are awesome .
wine is delicious as well .
you got ta do yourself a favor and check out the store .
super cute ad trendy .
loved the commuter sandwich for breakfast .
it 's a great place for any meal .
the spicy tuna roll makes a great appetizer .
the white sangria is probably one of the best i 've had in phoenix .
stick with the pizzas and salads and your tummy will be happy !
the breakfast is so dang good !
i 'm telling you its all good !
absolutely amazing .
the food is high quality and you can tell the difference .
always fresh , healthy , upbeat .
great iced drinks , sandwhiches , etc .
kid friendly , clean , and nice market inside .
decent vegan menu .
interesting place , crazy busy in the morning .
well , check your order , other than that , decent breakfast .
wow .
ordered _num_ dishes - all great .
all in all a great spot .
awesome place for everything .
breakfast , lunch , dinner , dessert -- all superb here .
the grocery side is also very unique and accomodating .
this is a great place to bring a date or the family .
great place ... .
love the pizza & red velvet !
so good it gets crowded ... .
great neighborhood hang spot everything on the menu looks good .
i did like the sauce , very tasty .
great atmosphere , great service , great food .
it was really good , and i did n't see that coming at all .
this is another great place for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
one of the best places for breakfast in the valley .
all the food tastes great as well as the coffee and fresh juices .
its a cool place try it out !
everything was fresh and tasty .
this place is amazing .
the coffee totally awesome .
the atmosphere here is just real comfortable and fun .
awesome pizza .
love the neighborhood vibe !
the store and food was fabulous !
will be back !
lgo has perfected the veggie burger .
this place is amazing !
it is dog friendly and a great place to eat .
this is my favorite place to go for breakfast .
the line is not that long , and is always worth it !
i leave with a smile .
the food is so fresh !
this pizza is amazing !
so fancy and so good .
please come to downtown phoenix !
this place is consistently fantastic .
love this place .
super fresh ingredients , great vibe ... .
best reuben sandwich i have ever had .
it is a bit pricey but tasted great .
great energy and tasty food .
great place .
you just feel cool when you eat here .
the bread here is fantastic !
it 's a bike ride away and very dependable .
simple and unique .
the curb side service is a nice , convenient touch as well .
the ice tea here is also really good .
definitely check it out if you get a chance !
i love that its tucked away in arcadia .
this place is super busy but so worth it !
perfect way to start my day ... .
fresh coffee fresh juice fresh pastries ... .
solid kitchen , good dish selection , all in all a great place .
the commuter sandwich was great .
it was super tasty !
absolutely amazing !
my family took me to the la grand orange for lunch today .
i love the la grand orange concept and the customer service .
i was so impressed by the menu , shop and selection of fine wines !
soo good !
everything about the restaurant and market are delightful .
a friend and i decided to dine and were quite happy with everything .
we got a kale and quinoa salad that was enjoyed to every last bit .
i 'll be back most definitely !
this place is great .
great pizza and the best red velvet cake i 've ever had !
oh wow , this place is amazing !
tuna salad sandwich is spectacular .
also loved the thai salad .
this is always a highlight of my business trips to phoenix .
everything is freshly made and there are many vegetarian options .
this is arizona 's best kept secret .
i love the music , food , vibe and ambiance .
it 's a happy place .
the sandwich was superb .
definitely the best pizza i 've had in the valley .
great food .
my one complaint about this great place is cleanliness .
a wonderful place to have great food and a fun atmosphere !
a bit pricey , yet one of the best breakfast sandwiches you will find .
sandwiches are great but i particularly love the genuine english muffins .
thought there was more table service , but it is good how it is .
fun place to come in the afternoon for a lunch with some friends .
i love la grande orange .
everyone who works here is super nice and sweet .
oh -- and it 's dog friendly and has bike parking , too .
we were completely impressed .
we 'll definitely be back !
great value and incredible food .
it is simple the best i have ever had !
great beers on tap , and quick , happy servers .
this place is a gem .
what else is good or even delicious ?
i love their coffee or espresso .
the staff is super nice and very welcoming .
lgo is simply a place you can go to with anyone for any reason .
very good stuff .
i had the fried eggs and they were very very good .
the food was extremely fresh and the employees were very helpful .
overall great spot to come and enjoy lunch .
best cookies i 've ever had .
the smoked salmon commuter sandwich is outstanding .
cute store !
the food is homemade and fresh and the ambience is fun .
super neat place .
my first visit was quite impressive .
breakfast all day , coffee bar , fresh pastries and more !
also some neat and unusual gifts are available .
nice !
a great place to go for lunch and a wonderful array of sweet treats .
the best thing to get are they english muffins which are super delicious .
love this place .
lively , a bit different , diverse menu .
i do love your muffins !
i had a fantastic piece of red velvet cake from here the other day !
i love the store and the unique selection of items .
while it is a little pricey , the quality and taste is amazing .
nice environment .
lgo is amazing !
their food is delicious , whether its for there or to go .
there 's a reason this place is always so packed .
desserts are amazing !
i keep coming back !
you absolutely have to try their tammy co red velvet cupcakes .
you will find yourself day dreaming about them .
great food and have been going there since it opened .
the pizza is really good and the commuter hits the spot for breakfast .
i recommend lgo to everyone .
we love lgo for breakfast !
their homemade english muffin breakfast sandwiches are phenomenal .
and their coffee is great .
highly recommend .
big fan .
great place to eat , great shop , great coffee .
quality ingredients and great taste .
staff is nice , i love the vibe , the shop and the neighborhood .
yes , this is how good and impressed i was with this place !
my friend really liked the fresh english muffins here !
they were really chewy and good !
there 's the breakfast portion of the kitchen and also really good bakery items !
this place is hippie and full of energy .
the food served here is very fresh .
the staff always happy and ready to help .
awesome .
the english muffin is as good as everyone says !
just a great breakfast spot .
the service was very quick and the staff was pleasant and efficient .
i stopped in to grab a loaf of bread and wow !
best oj in town !
all the people here are great .
by far a phoenix favorite for me !
love the commuter with salmon !
this review will be short and sweet .
last night was my first time here and it was delicious !
the pizza was so flavorful and simply delicious !
love coming here .
crowd and wait can be tough at dinner .
you will enjoy this place so much more on `` off hours '' .
a ton of great bakery options , even late in the day .
everything was delicious !
tons of cute novelty things that were fun to look at before ordering dessert .
something for everyone !
the best coffee and pastries in town !
get there in the early am and enjoy the outdoor setting .
also great for family and friends just hanging out .
it 's that good .
great healthy choices everyday all day .
however , the pastries and gelato are wonderful .
it was ohhh sooo good .
i enjoyed it thoroughly .
love this place .
great coffee and food .
pizza is awesome .
fun brunch atmosphere , romantic dinner atmosphere .
great location , service and wonderful food .
great gluten free pizza and salads .
very fun place to eat , great for a date !
amazing gelato too .
the commuter sandwich is excellent .
they have pretty good dessert and their black iced tea is really good .
lots of neat gifts and books .
staff is friendly and service is great even if it seems a little chaotic .
i ordered _num_ different items and all were absolutely delicious .
yeah la grande orange is that good .
enjoyed pizza , wings , sandwiches and dessert .
a bit pricey , but def worth it .
everything is made fresh , so you may have to wait for your food .
this place amazing in every way shape and form !
i stood my ground and eventually received my nicely plated salad : ) .
smoked salmon salad is my favorite menu item .
la grande orange grocery is always good to me .
, when i want great food lgo is the place i go !
the sausage on it is tasty !
the burgers are big and juicy and they have the best ranch ever !
it 's homemade !
their ruben sandwich is sooooooo good !
last but not least , they have dessert !
they have baked goods and gelato !
great breakfast food , specifically the commuter sandwich !
great for breakfast , lunch or dinner .
this is one of my favorite restaurants !
the baked goods are amazing too , particularly the cupcakes .
gelato is a good way to end a night .
my all time fav place !
great , fun place .
food has always been outstanding huge fan of the roasted corn pizza add avocado !
fun time for first date or ladies night .
great pizza and atmosphere .
well worth it .
absolutely delicious !
love !
totally recommend !
great way to meet other quality people and naturally network .
decent food .
my favorite things are the havana latte and their freshly made english muffins .
their bakery items are fantastic as well - especially the cookies .
i 've ordered a birthday cake from here and it was a decadent delight .
i would definitely recommend checking lgo out .
i recommend the coffee and the salted chocolate chip cookie .
they also have amazing pizza , but that is enough for another review .
today was my first visit to la grande orange , and it was wonderful .
seriously some of the best food to the most friendly and helpful staff .
really impressive phoenix restaurant , love to come late mornings for brunch !
great local favorite , would recommend for light eats and meal worth the wait .
good job .
thanks for the suggestions .
i highly recommend this place to anyone who likes tasty , health food !
thank you !
love love love this place !
they use fresh ingredients and the pizza is absolutely amazing .
the price is a little expensive , but it is worth it !
great place for pizza , game watching , and studying .
love love love you , lgo .
i love this place !
the pizza is awesome my favorite over all the pizza spots in town .
great atmosphere .
prices are good too .
great coffee .
breakfast is good too .
i have nothing but the best to say about lgo .
the turkey salad is delicious but the reuben sandwich was amazing .
food is very good .
service even when busy is pretty good .
great place to eat !
they are the best !
i always recommend this place for sweet treats and everyone has loved them .
interesting little place here !
i love this place .
the food is fantastic and the atmosphere is great .
the roasted corn pizza is also amazing .
definitely one of the best places in the city .
highly recommend !
cute little place which serves really nice sandwiches and salads .
crowd is hip and ambience is casual .
offers a wide range brunch and lunch dishes .
great place to eat .
the food is great .
the pizza 's smelled delicious and all the salads look super healthy .
prices are average and the service is always friendly .
i love this place .
dropped in for breakfast with my wife after hearing great things .
the food was incredible ... seriously .
ordered a specialty latte as well ... very sweet but tasty .
i love lgo !
they have the best chocolate chip sea salt cookies that i have ever tried !
it 's a great meeting spot to visit with friends .
the quality is decent for the price .
it is the coolest neighborhood joint i have ever been in !
the noise can be loud but its part of the fun !
parking can also be challenging so i recommend biking or walking , if local .
their pizza is even better than bianco 's !
always the most enjoyable of experiences !
the food was fantastic !
i love the french pancakes !
the atmosphere is incredibly amazing !
love love love this spot !
delicious coffee , great food and an incredible atmosphere .
it was sooo good !
we ended up getting the foodie fight game as a gift .
such a cute store !
vibrant atmosphere .
cool gifts .
amazing coffee .
gave lgo another shot and they have forever won back our business .
our servers name was lindsey and she made our night a perfect experience .
thank you lgo for making it right !
the pizza was actually really good .
definitely a cute neighborhood spot for the weekends .
the food here is simply amazing .
i love their `` rocket man '' pizza and kale salad !
definitely recommend it for take out or a casual dinner atmosphere .
i like to sit at the bar and the bartenders always friendly & delightful .
amazing !
the service , staff , ambience , and food is on point .
that 's amazing too !
best desserts , cute store !
love !
good brews , good pizza , great cupcakes , great prices .
friendly .
great ending to a good ride .
friendly .
cool atmosphere .
always a good spot .
great breakfast , coffee , and friendly service .
real food done real well !
i love the atmosphere !
tons of energy - the gift buyer has impeccable taste !
they hire the best in their respected fields .
this grocer is a wonderful place to stop by and enjoy lunch .
the ingredients are fresh and i love how everything is made to order .
truly a gem in phoenix .
not only is their food top notch , the environment keeps me coming back .
had hash that was added to menu and was great taste and perfect amount .
the treats from the bakery are always fantastic .
will definitely stop by again .
also the pizza ... wow !
one of the best breakfast spots in phoenix .
i return regularly definitely not denny 's ' .
the service is always wonderful .
i live walking distance and will continue to come daily .
love this place .
their iced tea is the best .
their new salted iced tea latte is a fantastic afternoon pick me up .
and of course their sea salt chocolate chip cookie is great too .
excellent food and great customer service .
my favorite brunch spot .
this place is unique , hip , and diverse .
go during the off times to really enjoy and explore .
amazing pizza ... corn , veggie , avocado ?
amazing crust .
amazing pesto .
amazing quinoa salad .
amazing !
gluten free pizza and the smoked salmon salad are fantastic .
great vibe .
great service , great food and drinks and wonderful place to be with community .
so good .
beware of crowds on the weekend .
good thing the offer complimentary valet because parking was crazy .
the english muffins are amazing .
buttery and rich .
best way to start off our mornings !
the turkey was so fresh and flavorful , juicy and splendid .
the valet parking makes it easy and the service is top notch .
the dessert , next door , is plentiful and delicious !
well , i have to admit , i 'm a regular here .
i 'm also a big fan of their iced tea .
i love you lgo & will most definitely be back soon !
i love lgo !
there is a great atmosphere and lots of delicious food .
everything is made fresh and in house .
they are worth the $ _num_ for the pack !
love love love this spot !
i love lgo that much .
the gluten free chocolate cookies are amazing !
just go here , pretty much every chance you get .
i 'll come from mesa anytime for a sweet treat .
so it 's always to-go orders for me .
the environment when you walk in is simply impressive .
i 'll keep this short and sweet .
their pizza is my favorite in town .
they use a sourdough type crust and it is delicious .
their burgers are also very good .
the gelato and cookies are top notch .
the gelato is delicious as well .
it is a very fun casual environment .
all of the pizzas are so good .
the burger is great .
one of my favorite places to eat .
everything is so good .
fantastic cute little place .
love this place .
so cute for ordering a sandwich and picking up a bottle of wine .
big fan of lgo !
love the food and grocery store .
best pizza i 've ever had .
white sangria is very refreshing too !
excellent service and atmosphere in the bar area .
excellent food !
everything is delicious .
my favorite breakfast place !
great energy & vibe every time i come .
it 's worth driving out of your way to this place !
there is literally something for everyone .
all in all this place is an easy favorite .
a friend of mine bought me a humidor from here as a gift .
this is a nice large shop with wide open spaces .
the staff is helpful and friendly .
beautiful shop !
smells awesome !
friendly staff .
good selection .
female smokers are extra appreciated there as well , which was a nice bonus .
this place is the perfect man cave .
best of all , it 's byob !
top quality cigars , accessories and staff .
great find !
massive selection and great service .
great selection of cigars and now spirits as well .
highest rating .
this cigar bar has a great humidor and an excellent staff .
one last note , the regular patrons are also quite friendly .
the guys are knowledgable and really focus on customer service .
great job !
this place was great .
fantastic selection of cigars , great bar , and reasonable prices .
great lounge !
full bar , great humidor with huge selection and the service was top notch .
will definitely return .
so cool to finally walk into this place .
they just added a bar about a year ago .
open every day !
a great selection of cigars and drinks and overall a nice hang .
all in all a great place for a great time .
was lucky enough to hit this place twice in one weekend .
good fun !
this place is awesome !
alex our bartender was great and treated us very well .
the atmosphere is amazing people were very knowledgeable with there cigars .
great selection .
i love petco !
way cool of them !
thanks !
this is a great petco !
the staff is always so nice !
they always have what we need and the cashiers are always friendly .
great location being near the target and costco .
luckily , she had an opening and was able to take him right away .
he is still fairly new to us .
she is very sweet and gentle with him .
this was his first professional haircut and she made him look so good .
they do a great job .
if you really care about your car , this place is for you .
these guys were great .
for $ _num_ plus a $ _num_ tip they did a helluva job !
will be going back !
this place is awesome !
wonder what big jay and his guys are going to do now .
that said , it was a great place to go for your basics .
this target has recently been remodeled and looks very clean and new inside .
they 've added a fresh food section and purchased brand new shopping carts .
they are so great and friendly in this store .
i absolutely love the pharmacy !
they have the absolute best people working here .
one of the many reasons i love target !
great pharmacy , and now they of course carry food ... .
there is so much you can get here .
they have really great hours as well .
okay so _num_ star right away just for being target .
love the arcadia target along with the whole shopping corner it 's in !
well , visit target for one thing .
thank you for making my stressful day a lot more pleasant !
much better service and faster checkout than at walmart down the road .
this target is nice .
they have a grocery section and offer great deals on everything .
this target is decent .
it 's nice and close to costco and ihop .
you are awesome !
staff is friendly and helpful whenever i have questions .
thank you target !
is always very good .
well done !
this is a very nice target .
it is clean , inviting , and the staff is very nice and helpful .
i would recommend this target to anyone looking for a nice place to shop .
thank you for a great shopping experience .
great target !
always clean and everyone here is extremely friendly .
this office max is a great in and out shop .
in fact , they are helpful !
the copy center staff was also very friendly .
they have great selections on all the office products .
they also have great prices as well .
all of their employees were very friendly and eager to help !
they were genuinely interested in me and what i was there for !
friendly staff , lots of options at a reasonable price .
always clean and well stocked .
the pedicure was great , the design was super cute !
very nice staff , welcomed us immediately .
will be coming back !
decent massage .
price average .
staff is friendly and polite .
i go every other week and my nails always look nice .
he really took his time , making sure i was happy throughout the process .
brian is so personable !
loved the experience !
they were happy to have me .
plus she was really nice about staying late and i appreciated that .
prices are good and place is pretty clean .
i recommend stopping in and getting your nails done .
very nice they do a good job !
love this place !
they are professional and get the job done quickly while still coming out perfect .
i have been going to this location for a couple years .
they consistently do a great job .
i absolutely love tracy 's work .
she listens and knows exactly what i want .
they are absolutely perfect .
love you , tracy !
the bathrooms are lovely , clean , and lit by candles .
come early , get your table and enjoy !
one of my favorite places around !
but i really hope that 's not the case .
happily , it did !
went there for lunch on a friday and loved the diversity of the crowd .
great selection of wines by the glass .
update - great service just recently .
i love this place !
i totally heart this place .
the food is great - for a wine bar .
plus the wait staff is great .
i highly recommend .
i really enjoy postino .
it 's so comfortable and a real class act .
it 's a great place to hang out with friends and chill .
_num_ friends , $ _num_ bill , yikes !
i really enjoyed this restaurant .
it is perfect for a special occasion or just for a nice night out .
my favorite is the bruschetta , i love that you can mix and match .
they also have great sandwiches and salads .
i will definitely be returning !
i really love everything about this spot .
the atmosphere is wonderful , like a generous patio at someone 's home .
the service is attentive and the food is fresh and vibrant .
this is also a great place to just get drinks ... .
kick back and enjoy the quick , attentive and rather attractive service .
quality , i know .
oh , what a glorious establishment !
however , i will second that the wine is great as is the bruschetta .
this place is fantastic !
everything was delicious .
i defintely recommend this place !
the wine list is reasonable with great values !
i find the crowd to be pleasant and generally professionals .
this is a great place !
one of my favorite places of phoenix !
we also had a sampler of their famous bruschetta , which was exquisite !
unbelievable !
came here twice and loved it .
i have only been here twice , but really enjoyed myself both times .
they have a great wine list and the bruschetta sampler is amazing .
they cafe itself is fantastic .
very open with a ton of natural light and is very spacious .
great place to meet up with an old friend or take a date .
great for conversation and the crowd is normally a little more upscale .
so although a little chaotic , it was a fun night .
this place is amazing .
great wine .
excellent staff .
beautiful neighborhood .
i just love the atmosphere of this place .
this is my favorite restaurant at the moment .
tab was _num_ , amazing food but not that amazing .
well duh !
i think the plate is well-priced and perfect for sharing .
oh yeah , they have wine .
nice intimate atmostphere to just have good solid fun with good people .
this is my kind of place .
it is needed .
olives are great !
i love this place !
great happy hour with $ _num_ glasses of wine .
i would recommend this to anyone .
during the day it is chill and relaxing .
the service can be spotty , but the food and wine are worth it .
all of the choices are amazing .
its a great place to go with friends .
what a treat !
postinos is one of my favorite restaurants in arcadia !
as for the food , it is phenomenal !
the outside patio is gorgeous , especially in the spring and fall .
the inside is just as beautiful with a warm and comfortable modern feeling .
the staff was so nice and gracious when minor mistakes were made .
eat , drink , be merry .
love the atmosphere .
love the open air .
easy on the eyes .
nice bonus for girls ' night out .
i absolutely love postino 's !
holy cow - what delicious topping combinations !
postino has become one of my favorite places to grab a bite .
always a hit .
salute to postinos !
i absolutely adore this place .
they have the best bruschetta !
well then you are in for a treat .
the bruschetta here rocks !
this place is great all the way around .
also , ordered a salad and soup - great stuff .
go there , it 's worth it .
i love , love , love this place .
the bruschettas are amazing , and the service is amazing .
the atmosphere is chill and classy , without being stuffy .
thank you erin for introducing me to this amazing place !
i love everything about this former garage turned restaurant .
great patio during the spring and fall and wonderful ambiance inside .
i love coming here for happy hour when i 'm in town .
their desserts are also really yummy !
the outdoor patio makes the food and wine even more enjoyable .
the good : nice place , nice service .
nice experience .
knowledgeable and friendly staff .
interesting vibe and a mixed crowd .
this place is worth a stop .
we took friends and they loved it .
wines by the glass also very good .
it 's a good thing we did since it was pretty awesome !
cute lil place ... very romantic if you were on a date .
we loved both and the side salad that accompanied the meal was delicious .
i also highly recommend the mimosa with the fresh squeezed orange juice !
it 's amazing !
this place is really good .
i absolutely love their bruschetta .
the service was really good too .
my water was always full and our waiter was always nearby .
i love this place !
great place .
one of the best spots in phoenix .
great atmosphere , great music , great food and reasonable prices .
bruschetta is a must as is valet usually .
frequent customer .
love this place .
great neighborhood spot with good food , beer , and wine selection .
customer service is great and a fun and inviting ambiance .
their bruschetta selection was absolutely amazing .
such a great place !
the wine selection is awesome and the bruschetta rocks !
perfect date spot !
everytime i come here , great service !
and yes , love the wine selections !
so relaxed , great food , great drinks .
i loved postino .
the bruschetta was phenomenal and i could say the same about our sandwiches .
everything was amazing , i 'm in love hard !
absolutely heavenly !
the service is amazing .
the food is perfectly presented and full of distinct flavors .
the atmosphere is upbeat and relaxed at the same time !
our waiter was fantastic .
he was genuinely nice and gave us several different wines to taste .
as always was amazing .
this place makes me feel sexy .
great wine selection , cozy atmosphere , excellent service and great food .
love it !
best .
postino is the best .
delicious .
their tomato bisque soup is divine .
woot woot !
we loved the brie and apples .
great ambience .
good people watching .
super servers .
love this place !
it is so small and dark and quaint !
huge wine selection ... and that bruschetta ... ... yum !
i thought it was lovely .
i love postino 's just for that .
my girlfriends and i love it .
we can sit and talk and indulge in great wine and food .
plan to get there early , it gets packed .
everything about this restaurant is great .
good wine and great food at reasonable prices .
great atmosphere , music , deals and wine .
it is busy there for a reason and definitely worth the wait .
their bruschettas are amazing and their cheese plates are thoughtfully coordinated and tasty .
this place is absolutely fabulous !
the portion sizes are generous , to say the least .
the ambiance is warm and inviting .
the star of the night , the wine was just delightful .
this is our new tuesdays spot !
its really well done .
food is well done and they have an excellent beer and wine selection .
style and substance .
good food and wine = yay !
good portion sizes and very delicious .
all very delicious !
i managed to finish half of my sandwich and the salad .
the panini 's are fine , not amazing , but yummy .
wow , was i mistaken !
the wait staff was very friendly , helpful and prompt with everything .
love this place- there 's a vibe here that 's just fun and vibrant .
how good is this place ?
love this place and i ' would go back again and again .
their different types of bruschetta are what make this place amazing .
ambiance is great too .
service is great too .
service was super friendly and attentive .
its hard to put into words what makes postino so enjoyable .
but postino is even better than the sum of its parts .
went here with a group of seven , had a lot of fun .
this place would be a great date place , nice atmosphere .
the sampler was a great way to try a bunch .
tuna sandwich was also excellent along with the salad .
postino is the go to favorite for the arcadia crowd .
if you have good friends bring them and enjoy the ambiance .
great job !
great location - fabulous service - and nice wine selection !
since you wont find parking , it is all so worth it .
my favorite place on a monday or tuesday night !
the atmosphere is just right .
food is awesome and the staff rules !
have fun .
best place for lunch !
one of my fav places that i would recommend to anyone !
the atmosphere is intimate and trendy .
they have a good wine selection and delicious food .
the staff is also friendly and helpful .
overall , it 's just a great place to go for any occasion .
and more yum !
the bruschetta is wonderful and they have a great wine selection .
the nine iron panini was fantastic .
bring a smile & your love here and the night will feel forever young !
postinos is always good .
the bruschetta platters are amazing .
also , im a huge fan of the cucumber honey lemonade .
its all fresh !
i love the food and service is always top notch .
you have to pay to park , but its worth it .
fresh , quality meats and cheeses on fresh ciabatta bread .
great for any occasion .
the salty sundae is unusual and fantastic .
i absolutely love postino arcadia .
the bruschetta is always delicious and the wine deals are great !
everyone is always very nice and friendly !
the truth !
get the tomato jam bruschetta it 's the best .
the mocha was the best i have ever had .
it can get pretty packed .
most amazing thing ever .
the wine , sangria , and prices are all good .
i live right down the street from there and frequent it quite often .
so fun !
this is going to be short and sweet ... .
the bruschetta is one of the best around .
so so so ... so good .
wow !
postino 's you rock !
thank you , thank you from the root salon !
how unique !
the food , service and atmosphere were fantastic .
i 'm visiting a friend and she 's definitely planning to go back .
oh postino ... how i love you .
both are perfect for finger food while enjoying your wine and your company .
this place is definitely _num_ stars .
this place is amazing and one of our favorites when visiting scottsdale .
love it !
very good mix of goodies for sure .
it always had a nice ambiance and great prices .
a trendy spot to hit up .
dark atmosphere , good food , good variety of wine .
definitely a great local business to support .
their bruschetta is phenomenal .
the pretzels are freshly made and out of this world .
seriously , you will be pleased .
this place is so cute !
and so delicious .
this is one of those hidden gems ... i enjoy everything about this place .
wow !
the bruschetta is phenomenal !
otherwise , enjoy the food at postinos and have a great time .
i am simply in love with postino .
everything about this place is food for my soul .
in all cases , it works .
fantastic bruschetta , amazing little chocolate dessert of yumminess , and glorious vino .
i highly recommend it .
great place for a quiet evening with friends .
fantastic bruschetta .
i love this place !
the food is delicious !
service is great and they always have good music playing !
pretty happy i picked postino for lunch .
yeah , yeah , their bruschetta board is great .
the service is great , they are helpful , provide suggestions , and attentive .
thanks for being part of the neighborhood , postino !
the salami and pesto bruschetta is the best !
this is the perfect spot to go to with a few friends .
great wine and great food .
the bruschettas they have are so so good , as well as the sandwiches .
love the tuscan tuna panini !
great creme brulee as well !
the atmosphere is great , super convenient location and free valet !
this is an awesome place to go with friends or a date !
the vibe is super hip and classy .
the bruschetta was the best i 've ever had !
still one of my favorites .
fantastic for a romantic date or group gathering - will be back soon !
their bruschetta is absolutely outstanding .
the best we 've eaten .
the atmosphere is lively and the service has always been friendly and attentive .
great ambiance !
it 's amazingly delicious !
what a great deal , great food , and great surroundings !
this is one of my favorite places to visit in the valley .
good wine and yummy apps .
this place is a must !
i 'm in love with postino .
excellent bruschetta and a nice wine selection .
the design is crisp and trendy .
cool place and we 'll be back .
this is the perfect setting for a girls day on a sunday afternoon .
also , can be very romantic with the right man .
gentlemen take your lady 's here , they will be very impressed .
the food , beverage and ambiance is amazing .
the bruschetta is the best in town -- period , end of discussion .
enjoyed lunch there today .
the ingredients were fresh and tasted great .
i will be back !
a valley staple that i recommend highly , for all occasions .
i love the monday deal , it is genius .
love this place .
love all the food and the staff is great .
i do recommend this place to everyone i meet .
great patio , happy hour prices , wine list , beer , and food .
i love meeting my friends here after work .
please open one in the east valley !
the cheese board - amazing !
what a cool place !
a perfect combination of my two favorite wines !
the extensive bruschetta menu was novel & very good .
also surprisingly filling .
i would also highly recommend the cheese board !
the bruschetta is awesome !
perfect trendy place to take out of town guests !
it 's so good that i do n't bother to order it anywhere else .
( i 'm referring to both the guy & the food ! )
great food , great drinks , great staff , and friendly customers .
there is an excellent patio and lounge area .
we 've tried all their bruschettas and we love each one !
theyre surprisingly filling -- all fresh ingredients !
the music and the service were great .
great swanky wine bar type place .
everything is delicious !
its to die for and a good deal !
they sell the bread too !
has got to be one of my favorite restaurants .
what a wonderful afternoon .
the service was fantastic , and very helpful with the wine selection .
such a great little date spot !
but also !
much appreciated .
i absolutely love this place !
the bruschetta is delicious , we 've tried just about every one !
my favorite is the brie and apple , something amazing about that mix .
fun atmosphere great food , beer , and wine .
postino is my favorite cafe in phoenix !
the customer service is outstanding .
the bruchetta board is the best and filling .
really it is a great place for wine and light food .
fresh ingredients and a marvelous wine list to go with it .
the parking can be rough but plan ahead and it is worth it .
came here twice and loving it .
great place to take friends out for drinks and chill .
anyway , everything on here is true .
it 's as simple as that .
this seems like a really fun place !
that was kinda frustrating , but it 's obviously a popular place !
the bruschetta was huge and amazing , as was the cheese plate .
consistently great quality service & food .
amazing date spot , but be careful .
the $ _num_ wine & bruschetta deal is fantastic and is perfect portion size .
my favorite place in the valley !
the servers are friendly , the food is delicious and the wine divine .
the bruschetta board is amazing - order it .
their sandwiches , soups and desserts are delicious .
bravo postino !
will return again very soon !
we greatly look forward to going back !
wonderful food and wine .
make a reservation , this place is always full .
i love postinos !
very very excited !
i 'm a fan for life !
one word : heaven !
great place for a first date .
the bruschetta is amazing .
and the wine is great too .
this place had such a great atmosphere .
their food was great too .
the turkey panini was delicious and the service was good .
all and all a great treat .
i loved this place !
in it , and it was super good !
very cool .
food is super tasty !
a great way to relax at the end of the weekend .
overall it was a great way to spend a sunday afternoon .
i effing love this place , that is all there is to it .
enjoy postino 's atmosphere and selection of wines and food .
i especially enjoy sitting outdoors with the garage doors open .
my favorite times are sunday afternoon with the live music .
they were all very good .
postino 's is great .
love the atmosphere and the bruschetta boards are amazing .
perfect place for happy hour with the $ _num_ glasses of wine .
love this place !
great ambiance , $ _num_ glasses of wine til five .
the service staff ( miles & josh ) are awesome !
very friendly and helpful .
one of the best places to have a great meal in the valley .
ok , really guys .
happy hour ends at _num_ btw so go early .
the prosciutto and date melted in your mouth !
great place in the sun !
this restaurant got all the right stuff .
bruschettas are great because you get to try four different flavors in one order .
i highly recommend you try this place .
postino 's is a great date restaurant .
major win .
it 's just great .
this place always delivers amazing food and service .
it had a bit of a kick to it and was very tasty .
yum yum yum !
i love this place !
if you are in the neighborhood i recommend walking or biking .
i always have a splendid time at postino .
the food is wonderful and usually comes out pretty quickly .
fun atmosphere and i love the historic building .
enjoyed postino arcadia .
just wanted something light and this was perfect .
cool atmosphere as well .
food is innovative and delicious ; best bruschetta around .
hands down the best thing on the menu is the bruschetta .
this is a good place to start your night with some apps and wine .
my favorite place by far and well worth the drive from gilbert .
great place to catch up with friends .
the valet parking guy was also very friendly .
i also love the bruschettas there , especially the salmon one .
great !
came here with my girlfriend and my mom and left very satisfied !
five stars for the bruschetta .
the sandwiches were also very good , four solid stars .
good service , nice surroundings .
i love coming here for lunch .
it 's fun to get the bruschetta and a cheese board to share .
the panini 's are my favorite around .
the italian picnic salad is really good .
everything is fresh and delicious .
it 's a great place to meet friends and hang out for awhile .
delicious and beautifully presented .
we also really enjoyed the live music and the peach tea .
highly recommend .
what can i say that other have n't , wonderful everything .
can i please have one in the north valley now please .
best neighborhood spot in arcadia .
oh and it 's super sexy too !
perfect for those who are looking for the perfect date spot .
just go you will love it ... trust me !
every soup that i have tried here has been fantastic .
this place is a must for every person living in the valley .
it 's very cute and trendy , great music , good staff .
i crave it all the time !
prices are completely fair , wine and beer selection is great .
the mixed green salad was totally amazing .
one of the best places in phoenix , hands down .
the food and wine selection are fantastic and the staff keep if flowing !
monday night is reverse happy hour !
outstanding !
this is definitely a place to go !
do n't order it as an appetizer ; it 's definitely a meal .
it 's the stuff dreams are made of .
heck even if it 's not monday or tuesday this place is amazing !
postino is possibly my favorite place in the valley .
the happy hour ca n't be beat , but it gets packed fast .
love , love , love this place .
love love love postinos .
will be back again and again !
everything was great .
a great place for visitors and locals .
wonderful atmosphere .
top notch bruschetta with a great combination of fresh ingredients .
make reservations because the beautiful crowd is huge .
great .
just great .
all the positive reviews say it all .
great outdoors , and before 5:00 , wonderful wine discounts .
i celebrated a friends birthday today at postino .
all really good .
good stuff ca n't beat the happy hour .
this is one of my favorite restaurants ever !
everything is amazing !
we will always be great patrons of this place !
we also tried some sandwiches and salads ... ... all excellent .
great food , service , ambiance , and prices !
our server was very nice and attentive and easy going .
i will definitely return !
love love this place .
great atmosphere and great food .
i love postino .
i also love the smoked salmon and pesto combination .
this restaurant is worth the wait in case you stumble upon a busy night .
the atmosphere is cozy and the food is delicious .
i highly recommend the bruschetta .
best date night in town .
great food , atmosphere and wine .
the red blend is the best wine i 've ever had !
great soups and sandwiches and the bruschetta is awesome .
i love this place .
great wine and love their bruchetta !
this is a great place relax and enjoy an evening or an afternoon .
the atmosphere is great and the so is the food and wine .
great drinks and great food !
the food here is amazing .
i recommend the bruschetta to all first time visitors .
the white sangria was the perfect addition .
arcadia seemed a little more comfortable with a relaxed vibe .
my whole family raves about them .
because it 's such a great deal , there was always a long wait .
this is one of my favorite restaurants .
the entire staff is absolutely wonderful and friendly .
they make every visit extremely enjoyable .
great location in arcadia .
huge windows let in great lighting .
superb wine selection and amazing bruschetta .
had the bruschetta , you have numerous flavors to pick from .
love it !
we had a cute waiter , who helped us with our wine choices .
love this place , great food and wine list .
great atmosphere and vibe too !
what a cool place that at one time was an old post office .
great and i mean great bruschetta .
a staff that really knows their wine and points you in the right direction .
a really cool and hip crowd , with the exception of me of course !
i really enjoy this place !
the staff is super friendly and always on top of it .
always a pleasant experience and simple , but delicious food.
the italian picnic salad is one of my favorites !
thanks postino and thanks for hiring good people .
one of my all time favorite restaurants .
bruschetta is amazing !
it 's a steal , and a delicious one at that .
i love going to this joint !
i love this place !
one of favorites in the valley .
it was so delicious that i finished the whole board by myself !
i love postino !
best bruschetta ever , and their chicken salad is amazing !
friendly , knowledgeable staff and a great atmosphere for a variety of occasions !
food quality is excellent every time .
loved this place !
amazing food and wine !
service was great !
beautiful experience .
love love love this place !
mixed diverse crowd and great service !
win win !
pretty awesome service !
excellent food and great music !
our party of _num_ had a very enjoyable evening here with extremely attentive service .
service is always fabulous and the atmosphere rocks too .
my favorite place for a date and conversation .
the decor is unique since it was a restored post office .
consistently great food & drinks .
thanks postino !
i have only been here one time but it was a great experience .
the bruschetta is delicious and the wine was great .
it 's all good !
and , you can mix and match .
the _num_ dollar glasses of wine for happy hour are great .
the ambience in all of the restaurants owned by this group are amazing .
the happy hour is good too !
one of the best prosciutto bruschetta 's i 've ever had .
my fiance loves this place .
excellent food and friendly service .
excellent value and great atmosphere .
my husband and i stumbled into ( and out of ) this gem .
the food was amazing and who can resist $ _num_ wine and pitchers .
highly recommended !
ordered the sangria ( very good ) , and the bruschetta .
live music on sundays for lunch is amazing .
it was a perfect brunch .
excellent bruschetta , we ordered a 2nd set !
the place was packed , but we got a table pretty quickly .
the staff was extremely helpful and knew their wine and offered great recommendations .
service is always good .
food is always great .
hipster vibe is pretty legit .
bruschetta boards are great .
fun place !
the wine list is always changing and is really well picked .
their salted caramel desert sunday is totally worth leaving room for !
love love love postino !
happy hour seven days a week is unheard of .
the bruschetta is amazing -- recommend the apples and goat cheese .
i love all the postino locations but arcadia is certainly my favorite .
best atmosphere for sure .
the wine was nice and the portions are generous .
the bruschetta is beyond belief good .
it will always be one of my go-to places .
great wine and beer selection .
the bruschetta is really good .
check this place out if you are looking for a fun hipster type place .
it is a good place to go before your group actually goes out .
love this place !
great food , drinks and people !
one of our favorite places in phoenix .
the sandwiches are also pretty good .
a wonderful place for lunch or a casual romantic dinner !
the salads and bruschetta trays are our favorites and the wine list is fabulous !
love this place !
a favorite for a leisurely afternoon lunch !
it 's a nice escape and a prime location for shopping .
bruschetta is a must , i also really enjoy their tuna sandwich .
the bruschetta is amazing !
i 'll definitely be back to postino arcadia !
i love postino 's !
great food and wine .
their meat and cheese appetizer is pricy , but so good .
amazing !
i love the atmosphere and attention to detail .
that 's pretty cool .
great place !
i enjoyed the intimate atmosphere , dim lighting , and yummy bruschetta .
they are consistent , fun and awesome .
perfect date spot !
but also perfect for a friendly gathering for wine and bruschetta .
thanks !
they are that good .
that tasty .
awesome atmosphere , amazing bruschetta .
sunday brunch is the best - i love the live music !
the service was incredible .
i absolutely love postino 's - the atmosphere , the food , the wine .
the bruschetta is awesome , of course !
the setting is industrial , yet dark and intimate .
and the food , oh the food is delicious !
same great happy hour and food as the central location .
see if you can get one when you visit .
enjoy anything with fig on it .
food was good and service was great .
food is great for a small snack .
sharing a bottle of wine is also a good time .
so good !
always awesome .
good wine and excellent bruschetta .
great waitstaff .
this place has a great atmosphere .
plenty of good food and friendly service .
my absolute favorite place to go .
great ambiance and wine selection .
ideal for getting cozy on a date or happy hour with girls .
delicious .
really good .
great ambiance .
good wine list and great bruschetta .
everything they touch turns to gold .
definitely the place you take a visitor from out of town .
but it 's well worth it .
so tasty !
great date spot .
best place to take out-of-towners .
the people who work there are always awesome and `` on it '' .
i also love the music they play .
i always feel calm and happy here .
i 'd highly recommend .
yep , i loved it !
the bruschetta is awesome !
love it all !
simply the best bruschetta in the world !
bruschetta is amazing !
the food tasted great , .
very yummy and great place to hang out with friends .
great location and the bruschetta is amazing .
may i recommend the malbec .
however i will continue to come back over and over again !
its a perfect after work before dinner kind of a place .
we chose _num_ different selections , but our favorite was the one with arugula .
love this place !
by far one of my most favorite restaurants in the entire phoenix metro area .
the clever and eclectic decor , staff and menu always lives up to hype .
great happy hour specials .
great service as well !
awesome wine and bruschetta at really reasonable price !
well worth the trip .
my boyfriend and i went here on a date and had a great night .
but the atmosphere and food were great .
i always bring home a slice of the red velvet cake , too .
it turns my poop red , so i know it 's the real deal .
love this place .
great ambiance and food .
beautiful restaurant , with a friendly staff .
i 'm a big fan of the happy hour specials .
the bruschetta is delicious .
i always loving going to postino 's .
love the bruschetta .
just as good as postino central , and more spacious .
food and wine are excellent as always .
close to home , great food .
service has always been wonderful .
absolutely my favorite place in town !
great food and ambiance !
bruschetta is a must here .
soups are delicious as well .
great place for lunch or snacks with drinks in the evening .
a nicely appointed restaurant that i would frequent more given the chance .
what a pleasant surprise .
i was so surprised bruschetta could be this good .
they ended up being very satisfying .
highly recommended , and we will be back .
service was fast , friendly and they kept the water glasses full .
one of the best !
this place took me a few times to warm up to .
great wine and location !
they have a fantastic brunch on the weekend .
this place always has a fun vibe and a great patio .
good service and nice atmosphere , a true staple .
wonderful platter of bruschetta and a happy friendly staff .
but that means it 's got to be good then !
wine selection is very nice as well .
i liked it .
the food was pretty good and the wine and beer selections were great .
it 's definitely more of a happy hour spot for me though .
wow , looks like this makes review # _num_ for postino 's !
so cute , i love this place !
very fun atmosphere .
my favorite place to eat in the valley !
i love postino !
they have some interesting combinations and they all work very well together .
the service is great !
best place to go on dates !
had a super time at postino , great selection of wines !
good food and nice environment .
postino is my favorite restaurant in all of phoenix .
the bottle deal ca n't be beat and the selections are nice .
they change it every couple months as well , so always trying new wines .
highly recommend getting a reservation because it 's always packed on tuesdays .
just be patient with them and they will treat you right .
the atmosphere there is great , the food is pretty simple but tastey .
it really is a great selection and the staff is pretty knowledgeable .
and it was really good .
i would also recommend the nine iron .
lovely atmosphere .
good bruschetta and sandwiches .
great for people watching .
friendly and knowledgeable staff .
cool wines by the glass and bottle .
unique wines to take home too .
the food is good and the service is spot on .
the food and service was excellent .
the options to choose for your bruschetta are terrific !
and they are the best in town !
the wine selections are terrific !
great service and very reasonable prices .
well , when we went for lunch the place was crowded .
the food was delicious .
now i understand why they are so popular .
the patio is dog friendly !
it 's a great place to meet the girls for lunch too !
great snacks , salads and wine selection !
great neighborhood hang out !
love the ambiance .
the wine is great and definitely try the pub grub .
fabulous !
good happy hour and weekend specials too !
the bruschetta is to die for , and brunch is fantastic .
one of my favorite places to meet friends .
great wine selection , and the food is always wonderful .
perfect !
i described one trip of many here .
one of my favorites !
i honestly can say it does n't get much better then postino 's .
i absolutely love this place .
i always love going here -- feels like home in a great sense .
contemporary take on them is refreshing .
delicious bruschetta !
loved the setting .
one of my favorite restaurants in town , love the food and .
bruschetta is the best !
love , love this place .
love , love , love this place !
stay awhile after you eat to visit .
as unusual sounding as it is , it 's really quite amazing .
this is such a nice place for an evening out , sans children .
solid _num_ !
great place to meet for breakfast or lunch .
great variety and very personal service .
the sandwich i had was huge - really big .
food is incredible , good pricing .
excellent brunch on a saturday at a reasonable price .
so the bruschetta is pretty off the chain !
this place is one of my favorite eateries in town .
consistently the food is amazing .
the simple dessert is perfectly done , each time .
the service is great and the staff seems to work as a great team .
what a great place for focaccia bread .
its a great place to relax .
love this place on a sunday afternoon .
music , wine and good bruschetta !
i have had nothing but delightful meals here .
amazing food and atmosphere !
great for couples .
sharing food is welcome and trendy here .
good : food was amazing .
atmosphere is awesome .
all the different plates introduce you to a new way of experiencing flavor combinations .
great wine specials !
what a great place to go .
their bruschetta board is great .
love the outdoor space .
the best bruschetta ever .
so many delicious flavor combinations .
make a meal of it .
definitely a cool place for food & drinks .
bruschetta is world famous !
the home brew iced tea is wonderful !
live music this sunday , perfect arizona weather , good company .
just a great eating experience !
my precious !
perfect place to go hang out with a date or a group of friends .
staff has been friendly at both locations as well .
pricey unless you go during happy hour .
everything on the menu is really good .
perfect place to hang out when its nice out which is almost year round .
i would recommend this place for a date or girls dinner .
great place for a date !
had lunch of soup and sandwich here and it was delicious !
everything was amazing .
we got the iron and it is giant and delicious .
the wine is great .
i love this place .
i love the location .
i love the food and the wine specials .
yep , its pretty great there ... .
i love the atmosphere and the food .
best place in arcadia !
their patio is also dog friendly .
this is a great place to meet friends and day drink !
great atmosphere and comfy outdoor patio seating .
the bruschetta options were so delicious .
awesome bruschetta and great wines !
love the atmosphere .
really great for date night .
best bruschetta ever !
everything there has great distinct flavor from the next thing .
sandwiches are pretty decent size and really tasty too .
great wine selection .
absolutely outstanding !
the service was top notch ... .
friendly and very welcoming .
great atmosphere .
definitely an upscale place for adults .
i love this place !
one of my favorites in the phoenix metro area .
honestly , i could eat there every single day .
me and my wife love this place !
great staff and great food .
atmosphere is fun !
great food and drink !
great atmosphere !
to die for bruschetta and fantastic specials throughout the week .
very yummy !
the music & atmosphere are always great , love this place !
i think i 'll get my gang together !
but i also love the open garage doors and the little patio !
perfect evening with friends !
i love this place .
it 's hip trendy and fun .
it 's my favorite .
very classy .
and a classic .
great beer .
great food and ambiance .
postino central will always be my favorite location .
everything was phenomenal about this place except the wait time .
love this place !
i really enjoy their bruchetta .
their brunch is really good and the mimosas are tasty .
definitely worth the crowd !
i love , love , love this place .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in town .
a great bottle of wine , soup and dinner !
love this place !
another _num_ starts for this wonderful restaurant !
the customer service continues to wow me everytime i visit !
thanks for helping me create such a memorable day for my baby sister !
love the food .
great food and great location .
excellent food and atmosphere , postino will quickly become one of your favorite places !
wonderful ambiance and decor .
i love postino 's !
great food , great staff !
huge variety and knowledgeable staff .
plus the food is delicious and the atmosphere relaxing and inviting .
both the vegetarian and the tuscan tuna sandwiches were really , really good .
the very best .
so good !
i ordered the bruschetta ( delicious ) and a panini !
both were great !
omg i love this place !
i love love love love love the bruschetta .
additionally , the wine selection is wonderful !
so yummy !
i loved the atmosphere .
followed by great wine , made it a great night !
love just about everything on the menu here !
fantastic patio , fantastic bruchetta , italian picnic salad is great .
my only complaint is happy hour ends at 5pm .
great place to eat and drink for happy happy happy hour !
$ _num_ wine and great bruschetta !
nice place .
good food tastes fresh and light .
i love postino !
love this place .
lots of combos there , and all are tasty .
the service is friendly and the food comes up quick .
i love postino .
i love the staff .
tell them what you like and they make the most perfect recommendations .
the whole staff rocks at this location .
great ambience in particular if the doors are open to the outside .
love , love , love postino .
i love postino !
it is such a cute place for a date , girls dinner or anything !
we had wine , bruschetta and a sandwich and it was all delicious !
will definitely be back !
i even tried their seasonal one for kicks and it was delicious too.
while not the most balanced of dinners , it was incredibly delicious .
great place and fun environment .
most of the time is loud inside .
truly the best soup ever .
i am such a fan of this place .
delicious .
beautiful food and beautiful people at a great price .
it was delicious .
really enjoyed this quaint little wine bar .
the bruschetta was amazing !
great food .
drinks are good as well , i 'm just not a huge wine drinker .
great food and excellent selection of wines .
great food and atmosphere .
both were great .
service was friendly !
delicious going away dinner with my bf at postinos outdoor dining area .
besides the misters going crazy , our food was delicious !
seriously , this place is great for casual , relaxing drinking .
also , the servers were really nice and welcoming .
i really enjoyed this restaurant .
my neighborhood spot !
great happy hour , service and vibe any day of the week .
i love this place !
i have been here many times and i have always had a great experience .
great bruschettas !
incredible service !
i like this place !
the staff know their stuff , which is great !
they are also very accommodating and friendly !
i liked the bruschetta .
it was fun sitting outside and enjoying the atmosphere .
it was nice enjoying a meal while catching up with my girlfriend here .
best bruschetta in town .
quirky , affordable , delicious wine selections .
perfect location .
a+ across the board .
exceptional restaurant , great atmosphere !
very nice setting & waiters are very friendly and attentive .
would recommend date night for sure !
the bruschetta board was awesome and their salads are great too .
excellent food , wine and service .
highly recommend .
great wine pairings , atmosphere and fun bathrooms !
postino is delicious , reasonably priced and fun .
has a very nice ambience & service is always great .
great spot for a date or girls night out !
such a nice selection of wines .
great atmosphere and good food .
bruschetta ) was fantastic !
the service was outstanding .
very relaxed place .
postinos has some of the best bruschetta i 've tasted .
its a classy little bistro looking place with really good lemonade as well .
great apps , wine and beer .
hands down the best wine bar in the valley !
we 've ordered their bruschetta platter for parties & they 're always a hit !
very trendy busy hot spot and for good reason .
the bruschetta is amazing .
absolutely fantastic wine and bruschetta !
i want it to be good .
great atmosphere and delicious wine .
plus friendly service and fresh food .
great atmosphere , great service , great food .
a great variety of bruschetta !
the atmosphere is perfect for dates and lunch with the girls !
the service is great even before you are eating .
so awesome !
love me some postino .
i have enjoyed postino 's for a long time .
this location is great due to the patio and indoor seating .
i 've always enjoyed the prosciutto with brie sandwich .
service is always outstanding !
worth the drive and wait !
this place has the best wednesdays in the valley !
i love all of their bruschettas !
i will always love this place !
the food and wine here are amazing .
the atmosphere is so comforting , its a treat to come here .
oh and the bartender is wonderful !
super friendly and personable !
the restaurant itself is really cute and trendy - i love the decor !
we love heather !
great atmosphere and even better food .
i mean what more could you want ?
carry a couple bucks on you for the valet .
favorite resturant in phoenix !
it is amazing for happy hour .
decent prices , great atmosphere .
the butcher 's block is always my go to .
i had the best bruschetta here .
the drinks were good and refreshing .
the sandwiches and salad were fresh and delicious .
service was quick and patient .
love this place in our neighborhood !
food are very healthy and delicious .
this place is amazing !
they have amazing food.
love the bruschetta plate .
it 's very filling and great for _num_ !
the food here is great .
also the chicken and mozzarella panini is one of my favorite sandwiches ever .
regardless , we keep going back for the delicious food .
bruschetta is always on point !
always a good idea to go here .
great vibe , great food and great wine .
fantastic food , excellent wine , great atmosphere .
excellent for romantic dates , or just a social gathering of friends .
scrambled eggs and bacon is very good !
love it but postino 's gets mad crowded .
we loved it !
salads are great and you ca n't miss the bruschetta !
the wine recommendations were excellent , and the food was great .
i ordered the tomato and mozzarella as an entree , and it was delicious .
great experience !
the bruschetta ) is excellent !
absolutely love this place !
the food is amazing .
always trying new wine with great recommendations from the staff .
overall , a refreshing first time dining experience in phoenix !
wonderful wine selection at only $ _num_ a glass from 11am to 5pm .
best bruchetta in phoenix .
great staff .
not only is the wine selection great , but the bruschetta is life changing .
the food is good .
absolutely spectacular , as always .
keep it up guys !
i was actually pleasantly surprised and ate those up like nobody 's business .
love this wine bar .
fabulous !
always a great experience !
it 's such a great deal .
love this place .
it is well worth the wait .
i love this place .
it 's nice to have the valet for parking and it 's complimentary .
definitely one of my favorite places because they have great wine and yummy bruschetta !
i 've brought family , new friends and pretty much everyone here .
it 's the perfect sharing plate .
the bruschetta here is seriously wonderful .
it 's a fun wine selection and a great atmosphere .
postinos arcadia is a fun , stylish and consistent location .
both were amazing !
by far our best experience yet .
my favorite place !
bruschetta is amazing and i love the italian picnic salad .
service is always great .
i met a friend here for lunch .
postino is a great restaurant .
the service was great along with the food .
keep up the good work !
i enjoyed this place !
my husband and i met another couple here for dinner .
all _num_ were amazing !
they had a very nice wine and beer selection .
what a great place with awesome service !
good was fresh , bruschetta was amazing !
perfect place !
love it here !
the bruschetta is amazing !
it 's worth the wait .
this place is so cool !
the ambience is perfect !
their food is phenomenal .
easily , one of my favorite restaurants !
they have delicious bruschetta and a wonderful wine selection .
quiet and such a relaxing atmosphere with great service .
the food was amazing .
great atmosphere and simple menu .
got the bruschetta board .
food is great ... .
one of our favorite places !
best bruschetta i 've ever had , and amazing sandwiches and salads as well .
service is also fantastic .
it 's nice to see a restaurant go above and beyond for its customers .
love , love , love the bruschetta !
love the selection of appetizers .
great place to go and relax , best brunch ever !
best bruschetta in the valley !
the food , service and atmosphere is as good as it gets .
everything tasted great !
great bruschetta , great wine without all the fuss !
no wait and great service as well !
simply delicious !
one of my favorite places .
love postino !
love this place .
fantastic wine selection and a few beers for the bros .
this place is wonderful .
the atmosphere is relaxed .
$ _num_ wine until 5pm and the selection is magnificent .
( $ _num_ ) totally worth it .
amazing decor - you will like being here .
yes please !
quality .
try their bruschetta , a perfect vino pairing .
this staff is very friendly and knowledgable .
this place was delicious .
we loved the great outdoor seating , and the staff was very helpful .
we ordered the cafe latte which was delicious !
definitely a new fav spot for us .
great outdoor brunch .
great atmosphere at night .
bruschetta overall very delectable .
favorite is the one with prosciutto .
what a nice place .
had a very tasty panini and entree salad with a few glasses of wine .
everything was wonderful and service was friendly , fast , and efficient .
always enjoyable .
great bruschetta .
good value .
what a great , casual brunch spot .
the country toast was unreal ... very rich and savory .
great service and food at a great price .
we 'll definitely be back .
again , i love you postino !
thank you for making my date night surreal every tuesday .
the absolute best !
enjoy !
its a nice place .
they have got really good collection of wine .
great prices and the moscato wine to wash it all down .
great service too .
perfect date night .
one of my favorite restaurants of all time .
i always leave thinking it was a great night !
great portion sizes and flavor combinations !
the staff is always fun and professional .
the food was delicious and the customer service was fantastic !
we will definitely go back again !
great place for enjoying good food and drinks after work .
the combo panini and soup or salad for $ _num_ bucks was excellent .
i enjoyed the raspberry chicken salad and roast beef panini .
once again another wonderful experience at postino .
the staff was attentive without being intrusive and the bruschetta was delicious .
also outstanding was the smoked salmon with pesto .
she said it was fantastic .
the best of the postinos in phoenix .
epitome of a great restaurant and dining experience .
cool atmosphere and great wine choices .
they have really good deals on monday and tuesday .
i love the pear and brie .
great place for wine !
best deal in town for a monday or tuesday night dinner .
expect a wait for a table , but it 's definitely worth it .
wine list is good .
great value !
the restaurant has great ambience .
could be a nice date night kind of place .
lovely experience .
good food in a nice location .
this place is always packed .
- takes away from a full pleasant experience .
very fresh meats and flavorful cheese .
this is your spot !
having a great brunch .
extremely attentive and knowledgeable staff .
cute little spot .
great wine !
amazing happy hour !
music was a bit loud , but still enjoyed the vibe .
jet really made the experience here excellent .
i loved the food .
i 'm not a wine person and i enjoyed my beer selection as well .
the atmosphere was classy and fun .
the food here is incredible !
all of them are good .
i also enjoyed their wine selection .
great food and ambiance .
bruschetta is on par and very tasty !
this was a treat do not sleep on it .
happy hour wine _num_ bucks added bonus .
special treat after a spa day .
the good their is well prepared as well .
definitely try the bruschetta !
it 's definitely my go to for date night or girls night .
this is a wonderful place to meet up with my friends .
love they happy hour prices too !
postino is my favorite restaurant to go to in the phoenix area .
the wines are always great and the boards never disappoint !
they all were quite good and imaginative .
perfect spot for a date or a girls night out !
the service is amazing and everyone is friendly .
the ambiance and music were super cool , the food was beyond amazing .
a great menu and the bruschetta fantastic !
love the bruschetta !
overall , love this place -- and it is in biking distance from home !
really good gluten free bread makes the bruschetta menu work for this girl .
fantastic place !
the food is really amazing and fresh !
the tomato jam is great !
the atmosphere is great .
their wine selection is good and their food is great .
the cheese board is also delicious !
love this spot .
definitely one of my favorite places !
food is great and i love the atmosphere .
great experience !
friendly valet and staff and a wonderful happy hour .
a great place for happy hour or a light lunch with friends .
went with friends to enjoy the bruschetta and wine special .
it was delicious !
service was good .
always spot on !
every single bruschetta flavor is delicious .
interesting wines , great dessert .
i love this restaurant !
the bruschetta , by the way , is pretty massive and awesome .
we sat outside and the weather was pretty nice .
the arcadia location has a quaint charm to it .
the staff is always friendly and the food consistently good .
came back here twice in one day because it was so phenomenal !
excellent staff , beautiful decor !
nevertheless , their bruschettas are amazing .
for a morning meal is always an amazing bonus .
this place absolutely lives up to the hype !
the food is great and the atmosphere is even better .
try any of the bruschetta and you will be happy !
it was definitely a crowd pleaser !
the place was very nice , super trendy .
great customer service , and great food .
i would definitely recommend this place .
excellent food , service , and vibe overall .
took about a half hour to get our party seated but well worth it .
we had a great time .
fun ambiance , cool art , and nice staff .
we also ordered the bruschetta and it did not disappoint .
great atmosphere , great service and most importantly great food !
everything i ate was soooo good !
all so good .
this place is always soooo good !
love postinos arcadia !
this is the best place ever .
love the bruschetta boards and the super friendly service .
i came here with a couple friends and ordered their unique bruschetta !
they have so much to choose from and there all so strong in flavor .
highly recommended !
great place to visit !
i will definitely continue to go here & recommend it to friends !
had a good experience .
very trendy atmosphere and good service !
fantastic .
i love the bruschettas .
wine is amazing here .
atmosphere is superb as its beautiful around this area .
perfect patio weather .
service has been good each time i 've come in .
i love this place !
it 's tucked away in a quaint neighborhood which is perfect !
the happy hour prices are very fair and i love the bruschetta boards .
i love that restaurant .
a little crowded and i know little noisy but the service is great .
and the staff is very friendly .
highly recommend them .
bruschetta is awesome and the nine iron sandwich is delicious .
one of my favorite places to eat in arcadia .
service is always fantastic .
same cute , cozy atmosphere with a friendly staff .
the board and bottle deal is amazing .
postino , thank you for being a friend .
great place to eat and drink and enjoy a relaxing night out !
my absolute favorite place in phoenix !
my original postinos !
the bruschetta is my go to comfort food and love the service .
amazing place to enjoy wine and a variety of tasty bruschetta .
the place has a great ambience .
the bruschetta is amazing .
great spot to hang out with the girlfriends to chat and relax .
great place for lunch or someplace to stop by and snack on some stuff .
i love their bruschetta special .
recommended for dinner and late snack time !
i enjoyed my experience at postinos .
great vibe , great food .
will definitely be going back .
i went to brunch with friends and the food and service was great .
i have been there several times over the years and always enjoy myself .
the food was truly beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked .
loved the bruschetta !
they were all unique and delicious .
it was a fun eating experience .
this place is nothing short of excellent !
the ambiance , the food , everything was exceptional !
my favorite was the bruschetta !
you can pick four types and they were all so good !
the poblano soup was was so tasty !
this is definitely worth going to !
absolutely love this place .
owner and staff are great !
food is amazing .
specials are worth the weight .
love this place .
great wine selection .
excellent service and great to work with .
he is well versed with the industry , and extremely responsive to his clients .
he was accessible , kind , and patient -- an overall great help .
we closed on time and are now enjoying our new home !
brian made it smooth and simple .
he was fantastic and easy to deal with .
he made the process as painless as possible .
i worked with brian and his fantastic team while purchasing my first house .
brian and his team were great .
what a great experience .
highly recommended !
we will be forever grateful for their help and support !
and it 's pretty family friendly .
they have great happy hour specials during the week and a full bar .
they very good .
it seemed to me that the place could be a great hang out .
the mesquite chicken smell draws you in from outside .
awesome meals , especially for the price .
the employees were also very friendly and attentive .
we will definitely be visiting again .
i had the broiled mahi mahi and it was fresh and delicious .
the mahi mahi fish tacos are one of the best menu items .
the staff was overall very friendly and seemed to want genuinely talk to you .
overall it was a good experience .
i recommend this place to anyone .
they have also increased their food selection since the remodel which is great .
the part i love best about this store are the cashiers !
always friendly and talkative and they are definitely characters !
thank you jerry for making it right for me .
this is a super classy fry 's !
healthy and organic shopping is becoming a lot easier to do at fry 's .
great deals and savings on milk !
a great store .
the employees are efficient and helpful .
the staff is friendly & always willing to help : - ) .
i 'm a new senior .
i love this store on 1st tuesdays !
it 's great .
i really enjoy this frys .
with my plant .
customer for life !
this store has great customer service .
maria in starbucks was friendly , courteous and more importantly sincere .
this place is nothing short of amazing !
reasonable price and right down the street .
did a great job grooming my dog .
i felt really comfortable at that point .
and the cost is very reasonable with what comes included !
i highly recommend her !
outstanding !
a valley legend !
this is one of my all time favorite valley restaurants .
great food , very warm and friendly service , and great drinks .
the latter may be one of the best kept secrets in arizona .
havana cafe has long been a family favorite .
the black bean soup is well worth it .
i visited this place about a month ago for a birthday celebration .
pretty tasty cuban food .
it can be a bit pricey , but the food is definitely worth it .
havana cafe is fantastic !
the atmosphere is great too .
havana cafe will always be my favorite place to go for great caribbean cuisine .
and thankfully they actually do a pretty good job !
try thier paella next time , i thoroughly enjoy their version .
so good !
everything on the menu here is very well done .
i love the food here !
the food ... holy good god ... this shit is awesome .
the menu is imaginative and fresh !
the staff is very helpful and prompt .
forgot all about it until a friend suggested that we have lunch there .
the service was great and so was the food .
i will put havana cafe on the rotation of lunch time spots !
it was great .
everything was seasoned just right and i left feeling very full .
i typically dont even like ketchup but ... wow .
its cuban and fun .
its just perfect .
its fun just to order it .
i 've eaten almost everything on the menu , and most everything is delicious !
we always have a pitcher of sangria , too !
service and friendliness is hit and miss .
caribbean at it 's most relaxed .
if you want to have a lovely little evening i recommend havana cafe .
plus it 's really tasty .
totally recommend it .
everything is excellent .
all super good .
fabulous food in a casual environment .
excellent service , great drink menu .
every time i eat here , i rave about the food .
its simply delicious .
and worth every penny !
both dishes were really good !
i went here twice valentine 's day weekend .
easily the best cuban food i have ever had .
it was so good that we went there twice on our vacation .
we loved the live music and outdoor patio .
food was great .
very authentic .
awesome food and great service .
they are really nice and so different from what sodas we generally drink .
beans and rice were spicy , but really tasty .
i also highly recommend the fried bananas !
the service was really good and friendly .
best food i have had .
soooo good .
our entrees and deserts were excellent as usual .
this place was great !
went there last night and had a great experience .
great wine and brazilian beer too .
all in all , a great experience and we will definitely come back soon !
it was very tasty .
it was absolutely delicious .
the waitress was very friendly and very attentive .
we had a groupon and everything went smoothly .
we will definitely be back .
pros : the food is really delicious .
both dishes were terrific .
the black beans alone are worth the trip .
delicious food .
great service .
great food .
great service .
another awesome dinner at havana cafe !
delicious and as authentic as one can find _num_ miles away from home .
this place is amazing !
we started off with the tapas sampler , and everything on it was great .
in addition to the great food , the service was fast and friendly .
we will definitely be going back soon !
yes , please .
friendly service , nice location , havana cafe is always a winner .
lunch for two here was great .
every flavor was so unique .
service was good .
we ordered some desert also which was delicious .
the food was excellent .
he seemed to enjoy his house sangria as well .
also , everyone here is really nice !
everything i 've tried here so far has been really delicious !
quaint , romantic , and homey are a few words that come to mind .
bj , is an wonderful person and her cooking is amazing .
stopped by and i loved the plantains !
i enjoyed my meal here - definitely a place i 'd come back to .
the chicken was juicy and tasty , and the rice was nice as well .
this was also very good - thick sweet crust and a delicious topping .
they are always accommodating and make a good mojito .
perfect place for a special night out with your favorite person .
special mojitos from the bar were very worthwhile .
my husband loved his beef dish .
service was great and it was a nice little spot for a late lunch .
the pumpkin bisque is freakin delicious .
food was good , service decent .
nice patio .
good place to live in especially if you live alone .
it 's quiet , cozy , and the neighbors were really nice .
i liked it even more because i was so close to work !
highly recommend !
i thought it was good and it 's cheap mexican .
still good , though .
i love this place !
better than the other huge franchise in the valley .
the cashier is so sweet and the food is always great .
tricky to eat , but amazing .
this place is delicious .
it was so good .
definitely will come back again .
the guy at the counter who served us was very nice as well .
authentic taste , good portions & daily value menu is really great !
beware !
machaca is also very good .
great homemade salsas .
they serve your classic mexican food and do it pretty well .
their breakfast burritos are amazing and i love covering it in their house salsa .
jt is a hoot .
they have the best wings in the valley .
great jukebox .
love this place .
hands down best bar in the nation .
the food is amazing and the bartenders and waitress are friendly and gorgeous .
even if it 's packed the waitress is always right there with a smile .
i recommend the wings and taco thursdays !
it 's a great place to go to watch the game .
reasonable drinks and really good wings .
this is first and foremost a neighborhood dive bar .
the food here is shockingly good .
downside : it was warm , and the bathroom needs serious help !
i really enjoyed the change of pace .
the epitome of dive bar !
they have the best wings in town !
all the staff is very nice and friendly .
best dive bar .
you can thank me later .
i love jt 's .
the food is outstanding .
it 's part of the charm .
best tucked away spot in arcadia .
the wings are absolutely amazing .
tacos are also very good .
people are nice and friendly .
so far i 'm in love .
best bar in arcadia .
best wings i have ever tasted .
these are the best wings in town , bar none !
they are flavorful and addictive !
their wings were so good !
it 's a nice dive bar and the staff is great .
its small and narrow , which gives you a chance to be friendly .
were the wings the best i 've ever had ?
definitely my kind of bar .
friendly , divey , delicious .
loved it .
best wings ever !
service is slow but it 's worth it !
burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding !
great tasting food at great price .
great little dive bar .
the works are the best - fried , tossed then grilled - just outstanding .
nice beer selection - waitstaff is friendly , once they get around to you .
jt 's is a fantastic neighborhood bar .
oh , and the drinks are strong and the bartenders are awesome .
best chicken wings on the planet too .
she 's a doll and a good listener !
just part of the john taylor charm , if you ask me !
best down home , home grown dive bar ever.
i really liked this hole-in-the-wall .
it 's a a great dive bar with fabulous wings .
the burgers are great , too , along with other daily specials .
service is always on point and extremely friendly .
my top recommendation for tasty wings in the valley .
local hidden gem .
small place but packed on a weeknight .
good bar food .
the best bar in the world ... .
the best wings in the world .
jt is awesome ... .
brilliant little bar .
really friendly staff , and the food was fantastic .
the wings are incredible .
a must visit !
this place has a really great laid back vibe to it .
great hot wings , tasty cheeseburgers , and awesome bartenders .
it 's that kind of friendly vibe .
dive bar heaven !
loved this little gem .
the patrons are hilarious .
best wing 's ( the works !
the best music is always playing !
awesome !
jt 's is a dive bar of the highest quality .
we will make this trek again soon !
i tried the spicy honey bbq the works and the hot wings .
the hot wings were the best of the three .
our service was amazing .
probably the best wings i 've ever had .
great hole in the wall spot with lots of character .
best wings in phoenix , hands down !
all the comments are right !
crispy , juicy , delicious !
jt 's is the perfect neighborhood hangout .
fantastic !
fun dive joint with surprisingly great food .
it 's the most amazing combination ever .
nice people and fantastic wings .
good pricing on drinks too .
best wings in phoenix .
it is better in the winter than the summer .
great music player on wall .
hands down , best wings i 've ever had anywhere .
big shout out to julio , he does them the best .
love jt 's !
oh & their wings are the best !
with football season ( thank goodness ! )
this is literally the best bar i 've been to in phoenix .
it 's a small neighborhood dive bar .
top notch .
the bartender did a great job .
she handled the whole bar by herself .
i love this fun little narrow bar !
be patient on the food and as everything as custom made !
we got waited on right away .
the works wings , crispy are the best wings i 've ever had anywhere .
absolute perfection ... .
love this place !
on tuesday , and taco thursday !
love the food , atmosphere and friendly people who go there .
i will keep going back again and again to this neighborhood gem !
the wings are superior .
a wonderful little neighborhood bar in an exceptional location .
the wings are some of the best in town .
great crowd of regulars and friendly bartenders .
love the vibe in here .
no frills , but great food .
it 's a solid local joint .
awesome local bar !
surprisingly good food !
grilled wings and tacos !
bathrooms are clean !
favorite wing spot in phoenix !
jt 's bar & grill is what i usually call superior !
well , it happens not too often , believe me !
i prefer coming to bar whenever i want to !
love it !
also , good times and good people .
everything rules and everyone should go here .
i asked for them to be crispy and they were perfect !
great food , wings are bomb and service is amazing !
love that you can pick your own music as well ... .
bonus !
since then they have consistently delivered perfect clothes back to me .
they are curteous and more than willing to go the extra mile .
they even offered to deliver it to me .
these guys are amazing !
they are very professional , fast and the clothes came out great .
the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
this place has great service , but it 's a bit pricey .
i love the free pickup and delivery service !
clothes come out great and i feel their prices are fair .
nice service .
very professional .
best customer service i 've ever had at a cleaners !
they were so friendly and fast .
always accommodating , pick up by jeff always smiles and prompt .
dave is the best owner .
the service is always friendly and prompt .
prices are pretty good , figure around $ _num_ an item .
bravo , elite cleaners , for exceeding expectations .
this place is great .
reliable .
always smiling friend staff to deal with .
makes me want to find more clothes to bring them !
great service and delivery !
always accommodating !
always ready with a smile !
my clothes always come back in perfect condition .
the service is worth the price and by far the best in scottsdale !
love this place .
quick , consistent and always a friendly staff .
worth the extra money in my opinion .
i will definitely be back !
thank you !
expensive , but worth it .
easily the best dry cleaner in phoenix .
this place is top notch .
my clothes are always returned good as new and never damaged .
customer service is great , the owner and employees really know their industry .
keep up the good work , elite .
yelpers love you and so do i .
great service and extremely convenient .
excellent service !
everyone at elite takes such good care of me .
the quality of service is well above what others offer .
the team is always so sweet and welcoming when i come in .
i would recommend these guys to anyone and everyone .
it 's the best dry cleaning service i 've ever had .
highly recommended for both quality and service !
i love elite cleaners .
and they always do a top-notch job with my clothes .
amazing !
fantastic customer service !
they did a wonderful job on my grandmother 's wedding dress .
very professional if a little pricey .
incredible attention to detail and everything you 'd want from a dry cleaner .
ana is the wedding dress specialist there and she did a fantastic job !
nonetheless , it 's a great nursery .
it 's got quality plants , quality service and quality gardening supplies .
this place is wonderful .
this place gets a huge thumbs up from me !
this was my favorite nursery in the area .
this is a beautiful nursery with a broad selection of plants .
actually , i found them to be more reasonable than baker .
this place is a fantastic nursery .
the people there are always very helpful and knowledgeable .
it 's also just a great place to wander around with the kids .
the extensive selection of roses in particular , is wonderful .
love this place .
great selection of everything and reasonable prices .
everyone is friendly and eager to help and teach you about the plants .
this was a nice find .
excellent nursery .
been there twice and always found something wonderful to take home .
absolutely the best nursery in phoenix .
excellent service !
thank you !
the store was very clean and well stocked .
it is good to have your paperwork done in advance .
very friendly staff !
thank you !
i thanked him for taking such good care of my clothes .
the owner is so friendly .
great service , friendly people , i 'm definitely a customer for life .
they are extremely friendly , priced appropriately and convenient and fast !
always do everything i request !
highly recommend from a gal with lots of high end clothing and difficult fabrics .
i 've been going there for _num_ years and they do a wonderful job .
the owners are wonderful people and extremely hard workers .
the guy that runs this place is outstanding !
mighty tasty i have to say .
my food was hot and fresh .
i love going to this place for lunch .
they are well priced , always friendly and have decent food .
my favorite part however is the fact that they serve tea with the meals .
its a great place to go with a few friends .
desert jade is great .
i think it 's great .
they have great almond cookies .
i just love this place !
it makes one feel comfortable to venture off the path and chose something new .
i guarantee this establishment is worth the drive , wait , and traffic .
it had the charm of a restaurant back in the midwest .
we started off with the pork dumplings , very moist and tasty .
desert jade is the best chinese in arizona !
the chicken lettuce wraps are refreshing , very tasty yet light .
delicious , fast and hot - great service with attentive staff .
yes this place is good stuff !
good thing i did n't .
i also love the sizzling rice soup , outstanding !
this is by far the best chinese food in the valley .
overall a great place .
best chinese in town !
they have great food and never disappoint .
the staff is very friendly and helpful !
love it here .
great food cheap price great service .
the food is always fast and fresh .
the servers are always attentive and friendly .
this place is just great to go to .
it makes such a difference .
now that 's good service .
it is the best i 've had anywhere , by far !
i love this place !
good food great service .
thanks to all of you yelpers for recommending this place !
thanks !
i love this tasty dish with the cut up fresh fruit and lychee .
the ratings were fantastic , so i thought i should give it a try .
the food is awesome .
best food , super friendly staff , and great prices .
love it !
the chicken curry lunch special was delicious , and service was great .
love this place !
great place for take out service weekly !
it was pretty good & we did have a lot of food !
the service was really good & we did n't have to ask for anything .
each of our servers have been super friendly and attentive .
the food is really good .
i love the spicy eggplant here .
the eggplant is tender , flavorful and melts in your mouth without being mushy .
the service is good , quick and efficient .
the menu has many options and all the food is great !
if you become addicted to this restraunt you will be treated like family !
great food !
i love this place .
they are always efficient .
one of the few chinese places i will frequent .
really good chinese food .
hot and sour soup is good and they are really quick for take-out .
owners are very friendly .
pleasantly surprised !
this is hands down the best chinese food in the valley .
a true hidden gem .
fantastic food , great portions .
the best chinese food in the valley !
the tea is fantastic as well .
food , tea , service are great !
this place has the best fried rice ever .
the singapore noodles are good and they come with shrimp and pork .
good food , fast friendly service .
my first time there and the food was good !
the sauces and ingredients were above par too .
definitely looking forward to their takeout soon !
in my opinion , it is the best american chinese food in the valley .
great friendly service and the food is fantastic .
this is the best american chinese food we have had in the valley .
anytime we want great chinese food , we drive here .
it 's out of the way but we 'll worth the drive .
each dish was amazing and worth adding to your next dining experience .
the service is always exceptional .
this is our favorite place for american chinese food .
hot and sour soup is amazing !
the food and service is excellent !
a great place to get some american chinese food .
this is the best i 've found in the valley .
the service is super fast , and i always go home with leftovers .
well , they 're perfect , too .
get ready to be happy and full .
great food and delightful service !
highly recommend .
i had the mongolian beef and it was delicious .
delicious food and excellent service !
loved the atmosphere .
favorite thing lightly battered asparagus , but everything was delicious .
very friendly staff .
will return again and again .
the best chinese in town !
the food always tastes the same and friendly staff .
they have the best sizzling rice soup and sesame chicken !
service was attentive and food came out really fast .
i really enjoyed the food and my experience .
i will be back !
this place is fantastic .
excellent service as well .
food is really good .
i love this place !
always polite and order is to my liking .
i definitely recommend this place for good chinese .
great !
our favorite chinese restaurant in phoenix .
my boyfriend and i went for dinner and it was amazing !
the food was great and the service was amazing .
everyone was very helpful and made the evening a good experience with good food .
i would recommend the beef and broccoli .
best chinese food in az !
great atmosphere , wonderful staff , & delicious food !
the mandarin style bean curd is my favorite !
food is consistently delicious , fresh , with quality ingredients .
desert jade is the best !
we had take-out and loved the food !
it was really good food and excellent service .
the sizzling rice shrimp was also superior .
always super fresh and fast ... and gluten free !
great neighborhood find .
the food is great and the service is even better .
service was good and i would come back .
i highly recommend this place .
lettuce wraps !
the filling , the lettuce , and the sauce is so on point !
oh and their hot tea is super flavorful .
bravo desert jade for keeping it good !
good food , great price !
good customer service .
great old school chinese place .
the food and service is both outstanding .
this is by far my family 's favorite chinese restaurant in the valley .
my wife and i love the desert jade .
the food is delicious and the service was good .
other than that , it is the best chinese around .
so hot and crispy .
started today with hot and sour soup also really good .
this place is authentic chinese food and includes a pot of green tea .
great food , great customer service .
great food and great service !
food was pretty good !
absolutely terrific !
great food .
great staff .
very nice staff .
i 'm no chinese food expert but i enjoyed the dinner .
it has great service and atmosphere .
i would recommend it to any of my friends .
enjoy !
try the chow mein , it 's amazing .
the service is also wonderful .
you ca n't go wrong at this restaurant , i guarantee it .
i ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce and it was delicious .
it was cooked just right and well seasoned .
great old school feel to the place .
clean , precision service and the sweet & sour pork was very good .
not the best i ever had , but very good .
good chinese !
been coming here for 10+ years , they always remember you !
it 's delicious !
wonderful food and staff !
new local favorite for sure !
great food great service .
potstickers are top notch .
so win win .
best sizzling rice soup in town !
we like to eat at the restaurant , too and always receive excellent service !
worth it !
you 'll thank me later , it 's superb .
do yourself a favor and make a reservation if you 're a big party .
this firm goes above and beyond for their clients !
i 'm very satisfied with this firm !
thank you !
thank you !
thank you !
this is a great neighborhood bar and grill .
it is your basic menu with some surprises and daily dinner and soup specials .
the food was very fresh and the patio is great .
but oh , my wally burger was good !
very laid back and easy going , i will return .
it 's hidden , so you have to go look for it .
see you there !
the prices are also very reasonable .
wally 's is the best casual dining experience in the valley .
for those of you that like burgers , the wally burger is great .
for dinner the chicken parmesan is outstanding .
wally just also opened a second location in scottsdale .
love this place .
friendly staff , sometimes wally will actually greet you and get your drinks .
great menu with salads and typical pub style fare but also awesome salads .
always recommend you ask about the special of the day .
there are some great ones .
so check it out ... you will be back .
we are definitely fans of this place !
the veggie burger and wine burger are excellent .
loved the atmosphere .
very unpretentious as another reviewer posted .
wally 's has a fun cheer 's like atmosphere .
it 's dog friendly and allows you to bring your dog on the patio .
it was a wonderful experience !
i have been twice for happy hour .
my next visit i had the escargot with bleu cheese and it was delicious !
wally 's is one of our favorite places to eat lunch and dinner .
it has a neighborhood feel to it , and the food is consistently delish !
friday lunch special is fish tacos and they are absolutely wonderful !
the ribs were perfect and amazing as was the fish and chips .
our waiter jeremy was a pleasure he made us laugh and feel welcome .
would n't mind if he sat down and ate with us he was great !
loved this place !
food is spectacular .
best american food in this city hands down .
staff is exceptional , friendly , everyone knows your name .
great place .
i love the vegetarian burger they make here !
so delicious !
a really good menu and a very nice atmosphere !
i recommend it !
the employee 's are terrific and they really seem to enjoy their jobs .
very comfortable and the greatest part , the food was outstanding .
we will be back and will bring our friends with us .
super delicious !
their french onion soup is delicious and the cobb salad was outstanding !
my ex always get their _num_ cheese macaroni and loves it !
solid menu !
great food and good atmosphere .
everything that i have had here has been delicious .
burgers , fish & chips , and escargot are all delicious .
the fruit infused vodka is a must try .
great atmosphere .
good pub style food .
food is consistently excellent with good portions and the fries are always perfect .
one of my favorite eats !
been coming for years and always consistent and fresh !
thanks for taking care of me always !
one of my favorite haunts .
they know you by name and what you like !
great patio !
great food !
great staff !
our waitress and the burgers were great !
started with the spicy wings that were spicy but sooooo tasty .
perfection !
love wally 's - just an outstanding neighborhood bar and grill .
myself and my friends visit wally 's often and we are huge fans .
very good food and a delightfully designed restaurant .
excellent for a casual meal or for bringing business clients .
the food is first-rate !
it has a down to earth vibe to it even though its in arcadia .
i 've definitely had better .
god this place is good .
it 's quaint and comfortable and the servers are always friendly .
as for the food , it is equally as enjoyable .
it 's a little tucked away , but quite the gem .
service is always fantastic .
food is consistently amazing .
i have enjoyed this place for years .
food is great and the service is spot on .
i would highly recommend this place .
just outstanding food & service .
specializes in mainly classic dishes .
one of the best spots in the valley -- compared to any other .
the staff is so wonderful .
the food is the best in town .
i hope to see you there because i will be there many times .
a family run establishment which has great food and drink selections .
this is one of our favorite neighborhood `` go-to '' restaurants .
we are always greeted with a smile by wally or his son .
good variety on the menu with consistent quality of food .
excellent food , excellent service !
great place !
what a great neighborhood restaurant !
i ordered the veggie burger with a honey glaze coat which was amazing !
my husband got the french dip and i stole a delicious bite .
perfection !
good prices , fresh food , great tastes !
prime rib is always on point !
the entire meal was phenomenal , and the service was perfect .
tried this place based on a recommendation and i was happy i did .
they have great happy hour deals including delicious burgers !
their mac n cheese was also really good .
it was so delicious .
the cheddar was so good on this .
i was really surprised by how much i liked the mixed fries as well .
the sweet potato mixed with normal one was a nice twist .
wally 's is my good ole go-to !
the portions are very generous , and the prices are reasonable .
this place is totally worth the cheat !
i highly recommend wally 's , as it 's a great local restaurant .
what a brilliant place !
awesome everyone !
super good atmosphere for a date and they have great service .
it was valentine 's and we still got timely and great service .
we sat on the patio , great service , good food .
steak was done perfectly .
it was cooked perfectly , was very juicy and delicious .
i would recommend this place .
a family friendly place with consistently good food and service !
service is good and fast enough for lunch on a work day .
had a great time , enjoyed the company of the great bartenders .
the ruben sandwich was delicious and so were the wings .
cute , quaint little pub .
... very hearty !
would definitely order again and drive out of our way for it !
our go-to place for date night .
my personal favorite is the classic cobb salad .
the ingredients are always fresh , and always consistent !
delicious comfort food , tasty drinks , and a great location .
fantastic .
cozy warm little pub and grill .
food and service we 're great .
our server , sean , was helpful and funny .
i would put the 1/2 pound burger in the best of phoenix class .
the asiago bun makes it flavorful and they cook it to the right temp .
so good !
but great place !
great local pub with an extended selection of bar dishes !
they have amazing mac n cheese with various types offered .
the food was amazing .
awesome food and service .
you will regret it .
my mom got the prime rib dip , and my dad the cheeseburger .
all so good !
great place .
we saw food come out and it looked great !
will definitely be back .
darn good !
everything we ordered was best of its class .
they also had an impressive drink and food menu .
plus it was laid back , and our server shawn was top rate .
it is a great local spot .
second visit was just as good as the first .
great sausage and a large portion .
bring your appetite .
i ordered the prime rib sandwhich and my wife ordered the fish & chips .
we were both delighted with the food and service .
pleasantly pleased !
we sat outside in their patio area which is cozy , and dog friendly !
everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dinner .
and the service is fabulous , everyone was so pleasant .
great 1st time experience .
our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly .
food was excellent !
we came from cave creek and will come again !
worth the drive !
good food and great ambience .
the food was great .
burgers , salads , and shrimp cocktail were great .
would definitely give it another try !
it 's near 20th street and camelback and worth checking out as well .
our waitress julie told us the specials and provides excellent service .
what a great deal for happy hour .
nice family friendly .
very relaxed environment .
love their spicy louisiana pasta , their burgers are good too .
breakfast is served all day , and there is plenty to choose from .
taylor 's is a consistently wonderful place for breakfast ... probably my favorite .
the decor is beautiful !
i had some of the best french toast ever !
a father and son team .
i will definitely dine there again .
everyone seems to love this place .
great spot for an outdoor lunch .
pretty view of camelback and great salads .
quick and attentive service .
food ; scrumptious , especially those crispy sweet potato fries .
service : perfect with not too long of a wait .
the dish was very tasty and came with a side of fresh fruit .
i thought it was a great choice .
i started with the fresh squeezed orange juice .
it was great .
it was excellent all the ingredients seemed very fresh .
this is a nice new find for breakfast in my area .
go for the fresh squeezed orange juice .
one of my favorite brunch spots .
there is sometimes a wait but it is worth it .
it 's such a beautiful day to eat outside at taylor 's cafe !
the view of camelback mountain is gorgeous !
it was perfectly cooked and juicy ( yum ) !
rest of staff and the food is always fab !
great food !
oh , yeah !
i have ordered multiple items and have always enjoyed them !
so glad i found this little gem !
they have great bagels !
everything was very good .
the server was good .
a bit far from my house , but the quality of work is great .
he is a new owner of the business and is super friendly !
had a great experience at the frame doctor .
amazing !
highly recommended !
fast and courteous service .
so the pro is rapid same day repair .
the shoe shop is a wonderful , neighborhood spot .
i am totally happy with my experience with this awesome shop !
they were so pleasant and did the job quick and perfectly !
great service , quick turnaround .
they look brand new !
such fabulous service !
this place is great - convenient hours , and awesome people !
the food was decent .
the sweet and sour pork is a staple .
i highly recommend this place for a try .
good choice for a quick lunch/dinner .
naturally , i stopped by later to see if the food was worth it .
the selection is small but delicious .
( i enjoyed these dishes the most ! )
love this place been eating here since i can remember .
love this place most flavorful .
very great price , but it is all cash .
definitely worth stopping by !
for the price you pay its a well worth it .
the food was fresh properly seasoned and the staff was very friendly .
what a wonderful experience !
here i was able to ask questions and actually get some insightful answers .
i highly recommend this office .
the entire staff is friendly , kind , and easy to work with .
have sent many other patients to her and all have been extremely happy !
made my daughter feel at ease and comfortable .
i am so grateful to have found this office !
the office is beautiful .
amazing practice .
she listens carefully and provides skin care for all my family members .
easy to schedule appointments and thorough exams .
the whole staff is friendly and welcoming .
this storage facility is wonderful .
very nice , friendly , and accommodating .
and the customer service is great .
the staff is beyond amazing !
they are every experienced and friendly .
i highly recommend this location for your storage !
i hope it the start of a great business relationship !
i 'm definitely going back and going back soon !
honestly , i am very happy i did .
they were both extremely nice .
i will definitely be going back .
just got a gel mani and french pedi , flawless !
sweet hard working staff !
this is my go to nail place !
they do the best gel mani and pedi is superb !
the wait may be a while but really worth it !
i love this place !
five stars for this fabulous flower shop !
great job !
these people do a great job !
excellent customer service !
we are customers for life !
i have to say they did a great job !
they were very helpful and put together a beautiful arrangement .
they also set up a delivery for the same day .
stunning flowers delivered to my mom on the day that i called .
very helpful .
awesome service !
offered a variety of flowers !
said they would deliver right away !
order with confidence !
our daughter loved them and sent us photos .
very beautiful what a great job .
absolutely thrilled with the flowers and service .
delivery was right on time and he was very nice .
i can not give fresh cut romance enough stars !
update : my mom says her arrangement is gorgeous .
she is very pleased in spite of what i think of the picture .
she is very pleased in spite of what i think of the picture .
dive bars , mmmm good .
as far as dives go this place is a hidden gem .
i like this spot !
score !
a real bar !
great drink prices .
it 's quaint and drinks are reasonable .
the bartenders are still nice and free pour a great cocktail .
the jukebox plays good music .
thank the gods for water w lime .
top notch !
not only is the bartender so nice the bar is so great .
( especially if linda is working ! )
the regulars are all cool , and the staff is awesome , too .
cheap drinks , modern remodel and great location to get food before or after .
please please please please please bring back the dart board game .
the bartender was super nice and provided excellent customer service .
yeah nice try .
pam is still the best bartender out there !
go check out their new digs !
well done on the remodel .
yep , i love this place !
darts , pool , shuffle board , fun !
super !
one of my favorite bars in phoenix .
fun , laid back , and well priced .
love that they have a shuffleboard table too !
i am thrilled to have found such a wonderful animal clinic .
but when we do , it is always a good experience .
dr bracken and his wonderful staff are extremely professional and attentive .
you can actually talk with dr. bracken and he listens .
dr. bracken is the best vet i have ever encountered .
the staff there just really seem to love animals and it shows .
my puppy 's trainer recommended dr. bracken 's office .
he and his staff are great !
they are kind and genuinely care about the pets they treat .
best in the business ... period .
top notch !
he really cares about the animals and is such a nice person .
i have always felt comfortable there .
and penny , who works in the front , is awesome !
dr bracken is the best !
he has a wonderful bedside manner , and he knows his stuff !
and he was right all along .
he is the best vet ever !
he is that good !
this is the very best vet on the planet .
he has extended and increased the quality of their lives tremendously .
dr bracken genuinely cares about the health and well being of your pet .
thank you dr .
this office is fantastic .
they are so kind to your animal .
love this vet clinic !
dr. bracken & staff are simply the best !
dr. bracken and his staff is the best veterinarian i have ever used .
best .
he is clearly compassionate and cares about every animal he sees .
his staff is helpful , accommodating and show just as much compassion .
dr. bracken is superb .
he truly has a gift with animals .
he 's so nice and friendly .
glad we found this veterinary gem !
by far the best vet i 've ever had .
he 's truly blessed and gifted in caring for your pets .
the office staff is wonderful as well .
friendly staff .
it 's like liquid crack !
they treat you like a friend !
best coffee and donuts .
the service here was great .
great place for chicken .
the stuffed quesadillas are out of this world delicious .
i can only assume the other stuff they sell is excellent too .
the value family meals are just that .
plenty of everything and very flavorful .
had the enchilada one , very tasty .
it was very good !
this is my favorite location .
the pollo bowl is satisfying , and the grilled chicken is fabulous .
finish your meal off with hot churros .
one of the best experiences i have ever had at a fast food restaurant .
the staff really shines as well .
they are polite and keep this location clean .
ordered a family meal via drive thru .
great neighborhood sports bar !
price is right , lots of drink specials .
if you like playing pool or darts this place is for you .
the red sauce is great .
the wine selection is good .
our server , roy , was friendly and provided excellent service .
the food sensational and fresh .
we were so happy that we kept going back and trying new menu items .
always amazing and always a perfect night out .
this is perhaps the best italian food in az .
best food , which is all homemade best service .
i really liked the family owned feel of this place .
the staff was friendly and attentive and the pasta was amazing .
great food in a very homey location .
the staff went out of their way to show him a good time .
as for the food , excellent homemade pasta with a very delicious sauce .
been looking for a good italian restaurant and finally found one .
everything we had was excellent .
i recommend you come by and try it out .
best italian in town .
by far the best italian food i 've had outside of italy .
probably the best italian food i have had so far the in the valley .
our waiter was very friendly as well .
it was the best italian food i 've had in phoenix !
i will return to try everything on the menu !
thanks , eric , for making my first experience one to remember .
amazing wine and food .
the entrees were excellent as well as the escargot appetizer .
was great as well .
this place is the best !
it is very traditional inside , like a family home .
it is family run and you can taste it !
food is excellent , really excellent .
personal service .
you really want to spread out your meal and enjoy .
best italian in phoenix .
best diablo sauce i 've ever had outside of italy , but very spicy .
this place rocks .
the service is special and all the food is excellent .
they also make great martini 's .
the steak is perfect !
it is a real treat to dine here .
a neighborhood gem that has been around for years and years .
a wonderful experience overall .
however , i find they do an amazing job .
_num_ bucks each and well worth it .
i could tell she just genuinely liked the product she was selling .
had several items repaired , they came out perfect .
twice .
i would recommend it !
excellent service and highly professional .
she is really a pro .
absolutely best place for any alterations !
it 's perfect and looks just as when i purchased them !
they are the best !
the very best place in phoenix .
very creative and the work is always done on time .
thank you .
highly recommend !
they are professional and do amazing work .
love love love !
amazing !
and they did a good job at it , too .
your awesome !
making another appointment today !
her prices are consistent with the quality of her work .
best tailor in town for sure !
they did an incredible job and are extremely friendly .
definitely recommend !
decent wash , generally pretty quick .
the guys are always super nice to me .
well , not very !
yet , this place does a good job for $ _num_ .
they have a lovely inventory of greeting cards as well .
good washes , good oil changes , reasonable prices , comfy waiting area ... .
inside is vacuumed and outside is great .
the service was very friendly .
very minimal !
i love that !
these guys are always quick and easy and the attendants are nice .
good service , new manager .
fantastic experience .
andy and ivan were exceptional !
exceptional service and assistance .
ivan was a great technician !
andrew greeted me immediately and was very friendly , kind , and understanding .
i am very thankful for andrew 's great attitude and cesar 's efficient service .
i 'll definitely be back .
i ca n't recommend this place highly enough .
service is above and beyond .
such a nice experience there .
highly recommend !
started my day with a nail in tire as i drove across the valley .
found a firestone online and headed there .
it was so nice to get a friendly face named william .
thanks guys !
these guys are awesome , fast , and honest !
i love how friendly and helpful they were .
thanks again .
now that 's a good deal .
i 'm telling everyone about how they saved the day !
i picked this up last week and the dress is amazing !
incredible customer service !
highly recommended .
great company and staff .
bonds has been a great choice !
we had john install our system , and he was great !
highly recommend bonds alarm !
you can trust he will always gets the job done right !
yummy slider alert !
vinyl booths line the front of the building with plastic patio tables as well .
the best slider in phoenix !
the buns are heaven sent - nice and chewy !
delicious sliders for a great price .
great place to grab a slider .
they 're delicious .
the italian beef is a great sandwich too .
great burger place .
the sliders were good .
decent size , came with cheese , onions , and ketchup .
this place is awesome .
if you like sliders , then this is the place for you !
fantastic sliders !
this is quick food done right !
yup , i do too !
tonight i wanted a good burger and decided to give it a try .
also the cheese fries are amazing !
enjoy .
i love this place .
burger are dripping with sharp cheese sauce and toppings , perfect slight pink inside .
dogs are loaded with goodies with the right amount of kick .
onion rings are crispy , hot and fresh .
authentic and filling , it does n't get much better than that .
such good , old-fashioned american food .
the service is straightforward but attentive .
this place is the real deal !
very tasty as well .
oh well , it 's a fun little treat .
super yummy comfort food !
tasty burgers and onion rings .
clean and friendly .
best sliders in town !
great food and a wonderful family run business .
i love their sliders !
went here for the first time yesterday and really liked it .
to this day , they still got it !
this place is awesome .
the food is great and service is good .
the sliders are amazing and the dog is wonderful too .
thumbs up .
the onion rings are good , though nothing fancy .
they 're just perfect .
he 's a real sweetie .
we just had the best sliders , fries and onion rings for the office .
great italian beef sandwich !
what a great find .
this place will make all chicago sports fans proud .
i had the sliders this last time and they were great .
the fries that went with were just as fantastic .
but i love chicago food .
its pretty fun to read .
they were really good and just hit the spot .
the decor of this place is really cool as well .
everything on the menu is great !
fire dogs are perfect , the owner is always helpful .
this place is truly a gem .
so good .
just a hole-in-the-wall kind of place , but worth the trip .
great food !
i got a hamburger and onion rings and was very satisfied !
i also really like their root beer shake .
blended perfectly !
fast service .
great prices .
friendly staff .
awesome banana shake !
terrific sliders !
juicy , meaty , and the broth was salty and rich !
i will definitely go back .
this place is great !
definitely worth a trip !
so great !
this is the best place to go for sliders !
decent prices and good food over ride the parking , which does suck .
but the only reason is because it 's soooo good .
on a positive note , the italian beef is very good .
i enjoy the unique style of hot peppers that they put on their sandwich .
i also love the cheddar burgers here .
the sliders are fantastic .
the chicago style hotdogs are good as well .
great traditional chicago hot dogs , italian beef , sliders !
the food is delicious , comfort food at its best .
pretty decent place with good food .
amazing place to eat .
love this place !
enjoy all the love in the food and from the staff .
having a good day stop by make it a great day !
best sliders in phoenix so _num_ stars cause its as good as it gets .
sliders were good ... somewhat reminiscent of white castle .
overall pretty good .
that is a must for any hot dog place .
the fries were really good as well .
great little place at a reasonable price .
we really liked the food .
they also have some of the best milkshakes .
the ppl are always friendly here .
this is a great place to swing by and eat or get to go .
the fried zucchini is ridiculously good .
overall , a great place to eat .
the sliders are great !
overall good for a little hamburger shop , but nothing spectacular .
absolutely delicious .
this place is amazing .
cheap but great food and really nice staff .
the place has a great atmosphere with old chicago stuff .
their hot dogs are great .
i personally love the chili dog .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix .
i frequent this place often .
it 's a dive and i love it .
a must to try is a great peanut butter shake .
i love it .
awesome !
great service and reasonably priced .
it was awesome as always !
i love this place .
the chili fries are amazing !
the best peanut butter shake i 've ever had .
luckily , this place has a good hot dog .
perfect .
best burger i 've had in a long time .
love this place , have been coming here since i was a child .
the chili sauce is good too .
good food , i 'll definitely be bringing my friends over next time .
i just ordered a regular cheeseburger with grilled onions and fries .
we called ahead to pick up and they were very fast and friendly .
i 'm a fan .
this is one of my favorite restaurants .
i definitely recommend going .
this place is a dive that is a best kept secret .
he 's always accommodating and friendly .
: - ) we frequent this place often and have always enjoyed the food .
my favorite fries in town , and best got dogs !
chocolate and pb shakes are great too !
i like this place !
food is good , nice and hot and also surprisingly somewhat fresh .
he get full off of it which is always a good sign .
i get the veggie burger and my gosh it is delish !
whether it 's lunch or dinner , this place is great !
great sliders !
they have great prices and it 's a good value for lunch .
thanks again , greg .
best burger on this side of town .
generous portions for a very reasonable price .
everything was fresh and tasty .
the fries were hot , and cook perfectly .
the slider was amazing as well .
one reviewer said it was a love it or hate it kind of place .
this place is incredibly good .
just tasty , affordable burgers , fries , sliders , and hot dogs .
this place is great .
friendly , courteous staff .
definitely worth a try .
i love this place , try the fire dogs .
the place is very welcoming , love the chicago theme .
this place has the best sliders .
better than white castle !
i prefer a chocolate shake with my savory food .
their seating inside is pretty comfortable as well .
always lived in the neighborhood , and this is the place to be .
hands down the best burger joint in town !
simply the best !
the banana milkshake is a winner .
friendly counter staff and fast service .
fun old chicago sports and blues decor .
this place is legit !
best burger i have had in _num_ years in the phoenix area .
absolutely loved it .
do yourself a solid and get down here .
damn good sliders and polish .
id definitely go back and explore the menu it was tasty .
what a great greasy spoon .
best sliders in town .
great fries , chi town environment .
classic stop on this side of town .
other highlights include hot dogs , shakes , full size burgers and italian beef .
these guys treat you great .
food was fast good loves my experience here .
seriously the best veggie burgers in town ( imo ) !
all kidding aside , really enjoyed our visit , food and conversations .
this place rocks !
got ta love this place !
great sliders but my favorite is the italian beef .
the quality of it all was fantastic .
( usually order mine extra crispy ) longer wait but totally worth it .
good food , reasonable prices , and fast service .
good lunch grub spot .
the best sliders in az !
great place .
the sports decor on the wall really sets a fun atmosphere .
they were completely unique and tasty .
definitely recommend .
absolutely the best .
another great experience at chicago .
i love coming here for the delicious ( and affordable ) sliders .
it 's a great addition to the arcadia neighborhood !
great experience at chicago hamburger co. great service , great ambience and excellent food .
love their sliders !
everything is good here .
perfect place to come to for burgers and dogs !
this place has chicago flair written all over it !
all delicious and left me wanting more .
the quality was really good and everything tasted fresh .
the shake was one of the best shakes i 've ever had .
bob is great !
the owner , bob , makes a fun atmosphere to eat a classic meal .
i love his place great food customer service is excellent .
awesome place !
always friendly !
always yummy !
which means they are delicious !
great spot for authentic chicago sliders in phoenix .
same great quality food fast friendly service .
their fries are delicious and their milkshakes are just creamy deliciousness .
the owner and staff are great .
great place all around .
thanks for that , it 's very much appreciated .
fries and milkshakes are great too .
great sliders and awesome for any native of chicago .
peanut butter shakes are the best .
great chicago dog and awesome sliders for a decent price .
love everything about this place !
a great place to have lunch .
great place !
excellent hot dogs and friendly staff .
will visit again .
amazing food and service !
living in arizona but living in chicago many years of my life .
the sliders were amazing juicy and fresh .
great food and reasonably priced .
an awesome atmosphere with food just as good .
very good place to eat .
great sliders , fun environment .
the minced onions are perfect !
bob 's big @ $ $ burger is another favorite of mine .
staff is friendly and the restaurant has all sorts of cool chicago decor .
i 've been a happy customer since i was a kid .
bob the owner is always happy to see you and is a great guy .
get several and be a happy camper .
chicago hamburger has great sliders .
i have also had the cheddar burger here and that is fantastic .
real cheddar like back home .
really good stuff .
so tasty and completely filling .
instant loyal customer .
good , simple food .
it always smells delicious when you walk in .
i ordered the western burger and it was amazing !
check out this place , you will love it !
i was impressed with the inside of the restaurant which had chicago memorabilia everywhere .
on this visit i ordered the cheddar burger and french fries lunch special .
great food , great prices , and great atmosphere .
the owner is very friendly .
worth a visit .
the best part about this place though is the atmosphere .
this place does it right .
delicious !
excellent service and excellent food .
i personally think the coleslaw is outstanding .
it 's all good !
this was my first visit and i liked it .
the place was packed at 11am .
the burger was good .
top notch !
the best sliders in the valley !
they make everything fresh and hot there !
the owner and staff are very friendly , humble and down to earth !
love this place !
i highly recommend it !
the italian beef brought me back to memories of sweet home chicago .
and if you still ca n't image just know they 're perfect !
i should have ordered a large !
i will definitely order from there again !
owner is always there with a smile and food is solid .
earned another loyal customer .
excellent food and service .
fun simple vibe .
it was honestly one of the best i 've had .
this place was amazing .
it was all amazing .
this place is cute and i love the feel .
i was very pleasantly surprised and it was well worth the journey .
the absolute best tropical fish store in az !
i will keep this short and sweet .
gps it !
fish are always healthy and look good .
friendly staff knows everything needed and the fish foods are high quality and fresh .
prices are good too .
this place is so unique and i love the fact that its locally owned !
they are beyond helpful , this place is one of a kind .
they have a wide selection of fresh water fish .
i love this store !
the adventure is well worth the effort .
polite , friendly , helpful and all smiles .
also got a plant and some food .
the owner toni is amazing .
great service and knowledge of fish .
they also have great plants and other fresh water friends .
she is very passionate about the hobby .
the variety of fish is crazy .
staff is helpful .
i even go back here for service though i moved across town years ago .
first rate business !
very efficient .
i will definitely be going back .
just moved to the area and found this place on yelp .
the customer service was excellent .
the manager helped me and was super nice .
definitely will be back .
fair price with a nice smile .
awesome !
the prices are totally reasonable .
the guys were friendly and approachable .
i felt completely comfortable there the entire time .
over all , a fantastic , quick , and easy visit .
i will definitely be back and i highly recommend this place !
always nice , fast and professional .
the staff is very accommodating and friendly !
this was one of the most pleasant oil change experiences i have ever had .
everyone was friendly .
it was great !
super fast and efficient .
i happened upon avis on accident and it was the best !
excellent service , fast and honest , also good price .
they always check the fluids and top everything off if needed .
baker 's is so close and so charming !
baker 's is a great neighborhood nursery !
the staff is knowledgeable and helpful .
they sell quality plants and other garden products .
love baker 's nursery !
the staff is very knowledgeable , and their selection of plants is excellent !
so much better than lowe 's or home depot .
i was very impressed !
a very friendly and super knowledgeable lady named bonnie helped us .
she was patient and explained things and answered my million questions !
thanks bonnie & we will def be going back to baker nursery !
best nursery in town hands down .
ideal time to get them in the ground is now .
i love baker nursery !
their selection of plants is superb and the plants always look fresh .
the staff is always very nice and helpful .
she brought me here because she also used to go there as a child !
baker 's has been around for so long and is a wonderful family business .
you should go check it out !
super friendly and knowledge staff .
great selection of plants and trees ... always a relaxing trip to this nursery !
helpful staff , good selection and healthy plants .
i love this place .
it was healthy , and the help is always great .
very helpful & knowledgeable staff .
i promise !
excellent selection , super friendly staff , and totally reasonable prices .
i live in glendale an it is worth the drive to go see them .
they know their stuff and am always pleased with my purchases .
prices are great too .
a local favorite .
amazing selection of plants and trees .
wonderful place , huge selection , fantastic people .
awesome selection of plants .
love coming here .
supporting conscientious local businesses like baker nursery is an extreme pleasure !
i just love to go to baker 's nursery .
the people are so helpful and knowledgeable !
they never mind taking their time to explain details of their plants .
baker 's has a wonderful selection of very high quality plants .
love this place !
come in with any question and they will help you !
pretty good prices too !
it was a fantastic experience and i ca n't wait to go back !
their level of quality , service and expertise are bar none !
this place is great and the staff are wonderful !
so friendly and the plants are just beautiful .
i love this nursery !
definitely come here no matter your plant skill level or what you need .
best nursery in phoenix .
they have a very good selection of standard plants .
the staff is wonderful very knowledgeable and helpful .
family owned by group of i sister very friendly smart staff .
always helpful and attentive .
truly love plant loving people .
they have very good quality and i think a good selection of desert plants .
amazing find and nursery with the most helpful staff ever .
such a great nursery .
i love all the plant varieties they have .
the helpful and knowledgeable staff is so refreshing .
this has always been a a ten star place !
thanks to the baker family for many years of fine memories !
you were the best .
thank you .
cute place for consistent neighborhood thai .
great thai cuisine prepared by a family staff in nice surroundings .
the best thai in our neighborhood , maybe even in this part of phoenix .
clean flavors , good preparation , friendly staff .
their vegetarian hot and sour soup is divine !
we recommend this restaurant to all of our friends that like thai food !
best thai in town .
i ordered the # _num_ lunch and thought it was very tasty .
the curry paste tasted home-made , and they cooked it truly thai hot .
above average thai food .
the food is amazing .
check it out , it is a great eat !
it will be so much easier for me to order to-go now !
you see , i go pretty often .
like twice a month .
staff is very friendly , though i almost always get take-out .
one of the best thai restaurants in phoenix .
the new website ( includes photos of dishes ) helps with take-out ordering .
it comes in a authentic pot , all lit and hot !
best thai in phoenix in my opinion .
i love their extensive menu and the service is great .
always clean and has a fun and funky interior design .
enjoy !
this place has such good food .
the thai curry is great .
i ordered a spicy dish and it 's so good .
soooo good !
the menu explained what each dish was very well and all sounded great .
my date had their pad thai and it looked great .
it 's absolutely incredible .
but it 's totally worth it .
delicious mom and dad place .
some of the best yellow curry around .
its bright and clean ) take a bunch of friends and order lots !
this mom and pop place is cozy and simple .
it is great for dinning in or take out .
absolutely the best red curry in history .
yay i am here with a happy update !
the food is delicious , i recommend the yellow curry with chicken .
love , love , love this place ... .
i can see why .
family owned and operated - and everyone is very friendly and helpful .
we tried several dishes and all were well spiced and wonderful .
highly recommended .
this is the best thai restaurant in phoenix .
the food is authentic thai and delicous .
the prices are good and the portions are good sized .
the yellow curry is fantastic , as is the whole chicken .
l always enjoy the food and will always go back .
i highly recommend this restaurant for excellent thai food .
their curries are definitely good as well .
they are definitely generous with their portions and their pricing is very reasonable .
like many , i 'm always dissapointed in the service .
the staff are always very friendly .
the green curry tasted very authentic and service was impeccable .
best thai food in phoenix .
the have a whole vegetarian menu and the sweat and sour tofu is amazing !
fast good service and excellent food .
highly recommend it !
over the years , the interior has stayed clean and fresh looking .
the menu has a good variety .
friendly family service offering all of the thai standards we expect .
this food has me drooling every time i think about it .
great food and normal service .
the food was very good and its value was even better .
the food was delicious , portions are big .
decent pricing .
i could seriously eat here every day !
the best part was that it came flaming !
it is the best dish on a cool winter evening !
not the best , but good .
best thai restaurant in the world !
this is one of our favorite thai places to eat .
however , the food is amazing and good .
always thankful .
finally , an amazing pad thai , made with chicken and shrimp !
nice .
i rent from here often and have always had a good experience .
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
highly recommend !
plus it had that feel good factor of being a local biz .
this company is awesome !
it is very well run and all the staff is well trained and knowledgeable .
i was very impressed with the customer service .
the owner and his workers are so sweet !
great selection !
the owner and staff are friendly !
new doctor !
i highly recommend them !
my clothes always look perfect & are always ready on-time .
thank you !
volkswagen mainly - this place is fantastic .
trustworthy , honest , friendly and all around great people .
even though i have a toyota now , we keep in touch .
highly recommended .
i just love these guys .
best mechanics i 've ever had .
i just love these guys .
best mechanics i 've ever had .
the facility looks very new to me and is impeccably clean .
i have found the vets here to be extremely responsive and kind .
dr. ryan is caring , compassionate and very knowledgable .
if you take your pet to blue cross you 'll be in good hands .
the staff is really great too .
i just moved to arizona .
just a well run facility .
what a relief .
tailors and dentists come to mind .
i was referred to blue cross by a friend who absolutely loved dr peter .
short wait and very friendly and knowledgeable staff !
highly recommend to any pet owner !
i would recommend her to anyone .
this is a great place for my `` kids . ''
boyfriend and i had a great experience here .
its great to finally have a relationship with a vet in the area .
dr. ryan is the most professional and caring veterinarian in the business !
i have brought my dogs here for _num_ years !
great location and clean facilities .
this place is amazing .
riley did so good with her , and he hates the vet .
we will definitely be going back .
by far the best ever !
i ca n't even describe how above and beyond this place is !
thank u to all the wonderful staff.
me and my pup are grateful !
compassionate , caring , flexible , knowledgeable .
i would recommend her to everyone .
our pets have always been treated with kindness and caring .
we have seen all of the vets and they are wonderful .
i would highly recommend to anyone .
they showed up earlier than expected and did a thorough and efficient job !
i highly recommend this company .
these guys did an amazing job and we 're just so professional .
please tell them i sent you .
these guys are great .
showed up on time , were friendly and professional .
great job !
happy customer here .
pretty thorough .
best customer service that i have experienced in a long time .
and the job was done neatly and with precision .
the technicians were very professional and friendly .
these guys were very nice , professional , fast , informative .
the technicians were very professional .
thank you again for the awesome job .
amazing customer service !
thank you guys so much amazing !
they knocked the jobs out and performed quality service .
also gave us good pricing .
the crew showed up on time and did an amazing job .
i really appreciate that they are conscientious with their clean up .
the hygienists were amazing - they were so nice and patient !
if you 're looking for a new dentist , definitely give them a try !
i always have a great experience there , which is refreshing .
big bonus .
the staff is so friendly and the dental hygienists do a great job .
absolutely incredible .
friendly .
they were amazing !
great staff .
great dentist !
always a great experience here .
she 's the best !
my most consistent relationship in the last _num_ years .
he knows his stuff , traditional bed side manner and humor .
great dentist !
i 've just gone for cleanings but they make you feel very comfortable .
the entire staff is great and very friendly .
the hygienist was great as well .
we love this dentist office !
they had good shredded beef tacos and great enchilada sauce .
it 's always been there and we thought it always would .
welcome back and good luck .
combination # _num_ is my current favorite .
it 's back -- yea !
basic mexican food that has it 's own special flavor .
good work guys !
this is comfort mexican done well , clearly the same way forever here .
that 's a good change .
was happy that they reopened .
great food for the price .
everything we had was delicious and tasted fresh and authentic .
customer service was great !
very good food served piping hot for a great price !
the new owner is really friendly and he has hired a great staff !
great food , great service , and low , low prices .
still love this place !
my favorite item is a beef burro enchilada style with a side of beans .
their enchilada sauce is the best .
they also have the best cheese crisp in town .
ive always been a big fan of don jose as a kid .
ive always loved this place , and i hope it does well .
in short great food , great price !
all time favorite restaurant !
good prices , good food , fast service !
the burrito was simply amazing !
great food , good memories ... must pay in cash is the only issue .
but , for whatever reason it 's very very refreshing !
chips are made fresh and the salsa has a nice surprise heat .
love it .
wait that 's a good thing , because their prices are so reasonable .
my friend highly recommended it , and i also highly recommend it .
don jose is my favorite mexican food restaurant in the valley !
great value for the price !
the servers were super nice and attentive .
food is delicious !
probably the best tamales i 've ever had .
consistent quality and flavors .
the hot sauce is legendary .
enjoy !
so naturally , i grew to love this place .
the service is awesome and the employees are extremely kind .
fundido style is great ... and the machaca always meets expectations .
love it !
we love it and still go there for mexican food .
it 's small , and it 's meant to have old decor .
people working there are nice .
good food .
smoked chicken tastes amazing .
salsa is excellent .
food came out quick , hot , and tasty .
chicken tacos are delicious .
they even have good desserts .
i love that sauce .
i love this place !
the new owners are amazing !
the food is as good as ever .
i truly love this place .
this is a great local mexican joint .
food is great staff very attentive .
i love the friendly vibe when i go in .
i love it !
the food is absolutely fantastic .
clean , neat and a fun place to relax and enjoy the great food .
perhaps some of the best tacos i have ever had .
they had a great smoke flavor to them .
the staff is incredibly friendly !
this place is awesome .
my son moved here in may and discovered it had reopened .
a number four and a jose crisp are my absolute favorite .
welcome back .
it 's quite good and keeps me going back.
everything was amazing , my personal favorite was the tacos !
my family and i have been coming for decades !
we love the food and the people who work there !
very friendly and fast service !
i recommend getting cheese on the chips they bring out !
the service was extremely cheerful and friendly , definitely a plus !
got the street tacos n beans , delicious !
i will definitely be back !
after a recommendation from a friend i decided to give this place a try .
chips and hot sauce were great , just a nice perfect touch of heat .
one of the best meals i 've ever had !
i will definitely be back !
i would highly recommend them to anyone !
i had the taquitos that came with an amazing jalapeo cream cheese dip .
we will absolutely be back !
no-frills , just simple food , cheap , and service with a smile .
consistently good , and friendly people .
consistently good , and friendly people .
one of my favorite places to eat while visiting phoenix .
the food is always great .
we both had combination plates and enjoyed all the different items that came out .
everything was served piping hot and was very tasty .
the service here is outstanding !
best mexican food !
great neighborhood place to eat .
their red salsa is so addicting and it goes really good with anything .
the food always has good flavor and always comes out super hot .
i recommend ordering a cheese crisp .
nah , i 'll see you thursday for dinner .
happy birthday to me .
this place always delivers simple delicious food .
servers and bus help are always so nice .
our family has been coming here for years !
went there yesterday and had a fantastic meal .
they tasted excellent and came in large potions .
also the super spicy salsa was amazing , but do n't use too much .
definitely recommend .
highly recommend family practice specialists !
so , when i came to family practice specialists i was pleasantly surprised .
i recommend !
he is always professional , honest and informative .
he is a dr. that takes his time and listens to you .
i highly recommend him .
she is smart , caring , and very knowledgable .
and physicians are passionate about their jobs and they care about their patients .
i highly recommend jennifer and the people at her office .
great service and they had what i came for .
when they have something on sale you can find really good prices .
their staff is awsome !
best prices for kids baseball pants .
i should always remember to come here more often !
good thing i liked what it looked like .
customer service is good and like i said you ca n't beat those prices !
great service every time i go .
that about sums it up .
wow !
i just took a spinning class from ty and it was great !
she uses a terrific mix of music too .
this place is amazing !
best hour workout i 've ever experienced and i 've tried everything !
great teachers and people , awesome energy and just a lot of fun !
i am so hooked !
i really appreciated the fact that studio took my comments to heart .
this instructor was also slightly more fast paced , which i enjoyed .
i 'm absolutely addicted and really dig the instructors .
i also liked it without the curtains .
love spinning here !
the mon and wed evening teachers are great and play fun music .
_num_ mins to an hour of pure cardio with fun music and black lights !
highly recommend .
best spin class i 've ever taken .
ok , full disclosure , this was my first `` spin '' class .
fantastic !
simply put , it was the most fun i 've had doing a workout .
= ) good job !
the music was really good and i had a lot of fun .
the class was the perfect challenge for any experience level .
i 've been back for a second class and it was even more fun .
definitely has become an addiction !
such a fun spinning class !
she kept encouraging the class and i felt like i got a great workout .
also , all of the riders were helpful and nice as well .
changing my star rating .
the food is still good .
they have great subs and the people that own it are very nice .
hands down best barber shop .
they really care about ur appearance and treat u very well .
i am always pleased .
customer service here is great and they have affordable prices .
definitely recommend !
i never knew there was a great barber in the neighborhood until today .
i got a great cut at a great price .
joe is definitely a good guy to see when you need a quality barber !
perfection ... one of the greatest barbers in az .
the whole experience really helped my _num_ children feel comfortable going to the dentist .
i certainly would recommend them to my friends and family .
this place is n't flashy , but it 's always clean .
the crowd is always friendly and the service is usually top notch .
there food is very good and reasonably priced .
very nice atmosphere .
this place is great !
it 's cheap and it 's straight forward , delicious breakfast !
this place is kinda outta the way but definitely worth it .
the band on fridays was good blues band and well worth the entertainment .
our waitress angie was delightful and very nice .
i really like this place .
it 's close to home and the staff here is pretty cool .
great specials on drinks and i have been impressed with their food .
music is always great !
they have the cheapest and best breakfast food i 've ever had .
they make the best bacon in all the land !
this is a great place to come for breakfast .
the server was fantastic !
( so when you go ... be nice and tip well ! )
the bathroom was clean , the music was great !
great breakfast that wont set you back .
the restrooms are clean , and the wait staff are always attentive .
came here with a friend yesterday for breakfast .
the food was good and the service was excellent .
tina was our server , she did a great job !
came here for breakfast , on the recommendation of a great friend .
i also hope to check the place out in the evening .
this place has great service.
i love it here !
love this joint .
best breakfast for the buck .
love the staff .
our server was sweet and took great care of us .
awesome lunch gem !
very friendly place and open early !
they have a full bar as well .
the place has a good vibe .
the staff and patrons are friendly .
a friend brought me here for breakfast and i was impressed .
not much in the outside , but the food was very good .
nice and tender .
i love this place .
foods always great bartenders are so nice .
bloody mary 's are amazing !
great breakfast for the price !
the ok was fresh .
lots of friendly films , great service .
will definitely be back a lot !
you got to try once to say you 've gone there .
had the french dip and it was reliable .
drinks were fine and plentiful .
service was nice and fast .
had a good time .
this seat yourself places serves traditional bar food with great prices and good service .
my chicken sandwich was juicy and flavorful .
best breakfast place .
service is great , food is always good and out quick .
the $ _num_ breakfast at this place is fantastic !
worth the short drive from mid scottsdale .
eggs benedict is delish !
the hollandaise , made very well .
hoping to make it our weekend soccer viewing bar as well .
regardless , they were friendly and efficient .
if you are looking for great prices on great furniture go here !
if you are looking for nice furniture at a great price go here !
but as for east valley location ... awesome furniture , prices , and people .
the delivery service is impeccable .
great place to buy any piece of furniture .
the store service was straight forward and excellent , and so was the delivery .
this place is huge ... and two story .
worth a look if you 're furniture shopping .
i highly recommend getting your furniture here !
great experience all around .
we bought it , and the delivery went off without a hitch .
pam , the manager at the thomas store , is the best !
this was exceptional service !
my family is coming to visit so we wanted new stuff asap .
we found a set and they told us a date it would be in .
he was great & anyone that goes in should ask for him !
we are in love with our new couch and love seat !
they come and set up the bed for _num_ ... great price !
totally different experience .
very good experience .
the clearance section is full of amazing deals .
you can usually get same day delivery .
they have outstanding customer service .
great service , no pushy salesmen , and awesome prices .
if you can ask for ken - he is so kind and very helpful .
then sold me a new one and is having it delivered tomorrow .
the customer service was excellent !
i thought their service was great .
i 've always enjoyed their tofu dishes .
big fan !
i love that you can order online !
moral of the day , when getting take out , order online !
love it !
big fan !
i love that you can order online !
this is our local pei wei , and i love asian food .
so we eat here alot .
it 's quick and easy .
in the end , i come home , have a nice dinner !
out of all i said , remember it 's quick and easy !
both of which are amazing .
oh and the new soda machine is amazing .
their lettuce wraps are just as good as p.f .
i like pei wei , its good when i want something fast .
good job man !
so much better .
j loved his dish .
i love the pad thai !
for a quick meal this is about as good as it gets .
the management team here has been excellent as well .
they do all the basics right , and deliver a quality tasty product .
fast service and really good food .
this experience wont keep me from coming back .
tasty asian american style food .
the food is always hot and fresh .
manager veronica delivers the best service .
thank you for the excellent service !
this place is amazing .
the food was fresh and savory !
food was great and person serving it was very nice .
this place is great !
love having this place as an option to fast food .
great service .
great service , friendly staff , and quick food .
very pleased .
i actually prefer pei wei to pf changs !
super fast and friendly service here !
this place is always clean , friendly and quick !
love it !
the staff was very friendly .
the food was delicious .
food can out fast and fresh .
good flavor and spice flavors to range from zero to medium hot .
a good mix of sauce mushrooms and other ingredients .
good dish and flavor .
mongolian style beef good gravy mix for white rice .
not real authentic chinese food but good tasting .
love asian good for sure .
i like this place , good food and nice customer service .
i like coming to this place a lot !
definitely recommend it .
they really do a great job , and you will really pay for it .
that was good customer service .
and i 've always had excellent service and thought the price was fair .
thumbs up .
did a wonderful job on my car !
fast , affordable and reliable .
disregard the negative review , they did a great job .
amazing customer service !
take your vehicle here , ask for oscar .
he 's honest , reliable , and knowledgable .
good people work here .
i love this place !
alexander , oscar , and the entire crew are absolutely amazing !
affordable pricing , courteous , and timely !
thanks alexander 's auto repair !
i can honestly say that they 're the best mechanic i 've ever had .
they really go above and beyond for their customers .
great service and fair prices every time !
thanks again guys for the great deal !
prices , waiting room n people are great .
oscar was very responsive and they provide a great service .
i will always take my vehicle to alexander 's .
local business - honest , fast .
will definitely go back !
thanks you guys .
they are honest and very reasonably priced .
alexander and oscar are the best !
i would highly recommend taking your business here .
they are professionals that care .
always excellent service and my car runs amazing every time .
they will make sure you are satisfied .
i have been recommending them to my friends and family .
they are the best in the state !
it was one of the best shop experiences i have ever had .
they are amazing !
i would recommend alexander 's to anyone .
these guys are the absolute best !
i will definitely use and recommend alexander 's auto repair .
thank you so much !
i love dairy queen !
well , mostly their blizzards !
my favorite is their oreo blizzards !
the cookie dough blizzard will always be a favorite !
the blizzards are superb as always .
it is great.
nothing else makes me as happy as this .
the food is delicious and fast !
these guys were great .
these _num_ stars actually belong to mary , the manager .
i would recommend her to novice women bikers .
she made me feel very comfortable and educated me on bikes and riding .
she rocks .
this is a great bike shop !
mary and her staff are really helpful and very friendly .
i rented a road bike from bike barn while in town for a conference .
awesome service .
highly recommend if you are looking for a quality bike rental when visiting phoenix .
i walked in the other day and two ( two !
so yep bike barn ... .
love me some bike barn .
anyway , they were really nice about it .
i 'll definitely be back .
great service , great selection !
so glad we found this place on yelp !
what a great first experience !
needless to say they are fast ... plus friendly & the prices are reasonable .
i will be back !
thanks .
i found out when i got home , will probably take it back tomorrow .
rented _num_ perfectly maintained , great quality mountain bikes .
super easy , and very friendly service .
their bike accessories are top notch .
we found them kind , helpful and quick .
this is one of my hands down favorite bike shops in the valley .
it has a great variety of bikes and loads of parts and accessories .
the service is superb and there are no `` bike snobs '' .
the staff are amazingly friendly and welcome !
awesome and helpful place !
thank you .
the guy is super friendly and has very reasonable prices .
the owner gave me excellent service for a great price .
i left very happy and will be back again !
tell us where , eddie !
best part ?
service was excellent .
very friendly , great price , and fast .
overall excellent transaction !
eddie , the owner is a great guy .
he is fast , affordable and one of the best at what he does !
i truly recommend him for jewelry and watch repair .
he is also funny , friendly , and personable .
so inexpensive !
excellent service and reasonable prices .
the staff is very friendly and personable .
i love finding smaller stores that do it right !
i would highly recommend this business !
eddie is great !
great service !
but i 'm so glad i found this local shop instead !
also , my kids enjoyed the fish tank while he made the quick repair .
thanks !
outstanding .
owner was so sweet !
honest man . )
dress watch needed a new battery .
very very nice .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
he even sells nice affordable watches .
amazing and fast !
i loved it , it cost me $ _num_ to get _num_ watches fixed .
he was really fast and did great work .
cash only - the owner is so helpful , very honest and fast .
very happy to have found this place , thanks to yelp .
i recommend this place to all my family , friends and yelpers !
great customer service and prices !
quick , affordable and professional service .
thank you local az !
i will be back !
very knowledgeable and very fast .
wow !
fast and easy battery replacement !
thank you for the great find , yelp !
super happy i found my new go to battery spot !
i 'll be back there again !
fast forward to today , i looked up watch repair and found this place .
great service !
amazing service !
highly recommended .
the guy is fast , professional and very nice .
service was so nice and prompt !
he has a lot of experience , reliable and very reasonable .
friendly , inexpensive and convenient .
a variety of selection of used watches , and they look pretty new .
clean place .
it 's the best i can ask for .
thanks !
highly recommended !
i was impressed with the quick service and affordable price .
highly recommend this place .
i 'm now a loyal customer .
this place rocks !
i will recommend ray eyewear to everyone i meet .
you have to check out this awesome local business !
they offer exceptional selection of frames from conservative , to fun , to edgy .
great product ; great people .
i love this place .
they are always the ones you will be working with .
they have so much knowledge and love helping people .
very nice people .
wow !
what an amazing experience .
you have got to visit this shop .
it is remarkable !
a family owned business with owners on the premises .
love love love my glasses !
excellent customer service and turn around time .
i highly recommend ray glasses !
ray glasses is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood .
they are extremely helpful and their selection is very fashion forward .
the food here is consistently good with few exceptions .
and it was perfect .
and we all know pizza is good for every meal .
great service !
very fast , informative and very professional .
amazing service and quickly completed !
i had a great experience here .
staff here are very friendly , all the guys had smiles on their faces .
very pleased with these guys !
great place .
they always cut a good key .
thank you for the help !
everything is reasonably priced for the most part and the content stays filtered .
_num_ thumbs up for sure !
this is a wheelchair friendly store and also clean .
great place to fine unique pieces of furniture .
thank you !
i love this store !
i love this antique store .
the staff is welcoming and knowledgeable with items .
they have a rug gallery voted best in phoenix .
thank you pat !
lots of fun !
employees , in general are pleasant & helpful .
thanks !
dr g is amazing .
i ca n't not tell you how happy i am to have seen him .
driving that far after work to see him is worth every mile .
trust m , he will make you feel like family .
back health chiropractic is the best !
dr. g. is the most knowledgeable and caring chiropractic i 've ever seen .
his staff is very friendly and professional .
they always fit me in at a moments notice because they really care .
everyone is a professional and genuinely cares about improving your life .
the pricing is unbeatable and the service is amazing .
i have full confidence that you will be satisfied and write a similar review .
his staff is caring , gentle and educated !
hard to find a place that has all in one !
thank you for getting me back on track after my accident !
awesome staff and dr g is the best .
the best body work i have ever had !
very nice , very thorough .
dr. g. and his staff are terrific !
thank you dr. g !
dr g and his staff are friendly , professional , efficient and very accommodating .
thank you back health , i 'm on the way back to health !
lisa is a professional !
i highly recommend the soy candle massage .
the experience with the staff is always exceptional .
dr. g always gives the best treatment and advice .
i love back health chiropractic !
she came highly recommended from my former therapist .
great massage .
very unique boutique .
some of the items there are a bit pricey but great & friendly service .
quick , friendly , awesome .
these guys totally made my day !
fast and friendly service .
very knowledgeable staff that goes above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction .
that replacement coverage is priceless .
my husband and i have always bought our tires here .
awesome !
great service .
they have the perfect balance of personality and professionalism .
adam met me on my way in and made the experience flow smoothly .
larry finished it off great , i love discount tire !
came highly recommended from a friend , glad we listened !
i was very impressed with the level of service at this location .
i definately recommend them .
fast service and complimentary water bottles .
i feel loved .
amazing experience !
i drove away feeling safe and satisfied with the service i received .
thanks so much guys !
exceptional guest service here !
_num_ new tires later , i 'm driving happy .
this location is awesome !
they also were fast and efficient pricing was very fair and quality work !
store is clean and they have water .
everyone was courteous and shook my hand .
i highly recommend this location to anybody !
i 'll definitely be back , soon !
thank you for the great experience .
always buy my ties here for last _num_ years , thank you discount tire !
excellent service even when busy .
excellent service !
friendly and inviting atmosphere .
this is a high five for discount tire .
they 're both very efficient and warm people - ideal doctors .
my whole family started seeing the doctors here .
my grandparents started coming here and we all like this place .
they have an app that lets you view your results and helped me register .
shoe shines run about $ _num_ bucks and worth a tip !
this place is great !
the owner is incredibly nice and the prices are good .
thank you for the help !
it 's right up there with the great courtesy chevrolet sign on camelback .
also : they have a bell you can ring for good service !
this is a great location for arby 's .
they have great roast beef sandwiches .
also was well organized and clean !
i ordered a couple of things and they were all fresh .
she is professional , thorough and gentle .
we are very happy patients !
what a great plastic surgeon !
if you are looking for the best you should call them now !
i love what you have done for me : ) thank you so much !
they are supportive and answer all questions , and you get amazing looking breasts .
he is an amazing surgeon .
so happy with my results and i felt comfortable the whole time .
absolutely amazing !
highly recommend them to everyone !
wonderful staff and doctor .
i was treated with great respect , professionalism and amazing customer service .
he and his staff are very friendly and take great care of each patient .
everyone in the office is professional and caring .
thank you all for a terrific experience .
friendly service and did what needed to be done .
great service and friendly staffs .
fast , efficient and honest service .
first and foremost , the customer service was phenomenal .
wow .
i 'm happy with the service otherwise .
they are very nice .
they said good morning to me with a smile on their face .
a good morning from the guys at break masters # _num_ made my day .
i really recomend this place .
never fun going back but things happen i guess .
thanks brake masters .
the staff is friendly , funny , and accommodating .
i 'm always satisfied with my hair cuts , color , and style .
kelly is awesome !
she had some great suggestions and feedback .
it was even better than i had hoped .
shane is the best !
everything was so chic and clean .
i loved the atmosphere .
katie cut my hair and she was fantastic !
she made me feel totally comfortable and was super kind .
i totally recommend everyone to go here !
i feel like i have come full circle .
let me tell you what a great job she did !
very reasonable and will send a text reminder of your appt , nice touch !
plus they 're such a fun , crazy bunch !
love you guys !
highly recommend if your are in the arcadia area .
the food was great and prices are good .
this is my favorite chinese restaurant !
their mongolian beef is great !
their lunch special is a great deal if you dine in .
my wife loves chinese food and could eat it every night .
the moo shu is some of the best i have ever had .
they deliver too !
the staff is always friendly .
i am an eggplant fan - they treat it right !
they always get the order right .
very tasty .
very yummy stuff !
my very favorite chinese food place in az .
the honey dipped wings are amazing !
great service , great place to take your family .
favorite arcadia chinese delivery !
great spring rolls , wonton soup .
great treatment .
tasty food .
friendly .
price is right .
bring your business here .
very good food !
fast delivery !
good food good beer , bring the family .
i prefer lunch because you get more but dinner is great too .
great service , great service !
the $ _num_ lunch special here is an incredible deal .
i will definitely return .
tremendous service !
the crab puffs were excellent , as well .
by far the best chinese food in the valley .
the staff is friendly and familiar .
overall a great place at a great price !
will definitely be back .
great take out .
great chinese food at a great price .
i love it .
you have a loyal patron right here .
wow !
i thought it was delicious , all of it !
definitely going back .
nice quiet , unique building , atmosphere and seating arrangement .
the staff is always extremely friendly and more than happy to cater to requests .
delicious dishes !
absolutely amazing service !
the host and all the staff were polite and incredibly kind .
i ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was delicious !
a great spot for great chinese food at a good price .
been here a couples these last couple of weeks .
lunch combo is great here and the service is great very quick too !
tried it based on ratings and pleasantly surprised .
my new go-to chinese delivery for sure .
i really love this place .
they have a great beer selection and the service is always friendly .
good stuff , real stuff .
always a good and an honest meal at quite a fair price .
quite nice inside too .
relax and enjoy .
they are always extremely helpful , knowledgeable , courteous , and quick to respond .
what a great group !
great salon !
clean , reasonable fees , and everyone is nice and friendly .
the owner , stephen , is great & super friendly and helpful .
great find and convenient hours .
great custom spray tan .
i drive _num_ minutes to get here and it is definitely worth it !
highly recommend .
this is my favorite tanning spot in phoenix .
great prices and packages and a super friendly staff .
i love this place .
such an affordable clean place to tan .
a real small business trying to do the best for their customers .
i recently moved from chicago and have felt right at home at camelback tanning !
steven , the owner , is genuine , cares about all of his customers .
after just two sessions i had really good color .
the beds are always clean .
i give it _num_ stars !
not only was the price right but they did a great job .
so happy i found them .
i 've experienced a lot in the valley .
this one is definitely the best !
he 's got great deals .
the beds bulbs are always up-to-date and current , very strong .
it 's a great salon , i would never go anywhere else !
best spray tan ever !
she is so welcoming and always , always available to help and answer questions .
i truly appreciate that .
nice , safe neighborhood and quiet !
the staff is friendly , helpful and always there when you need them .
this is a small , mostly quiet community and feels like home .
she also was a great help when i was dealing with a difficult neighbor .
grounds are kept clean and well lit .
im a single female and have always felt safe here .
they are really doing a great job .
everything is taken care within _num_ hours and the location is perfect .
i 'm very happy to live here .
great value .
: ) good service and fast , in by 9am and out by 5pm .
top notch !
park avenue is great - affordable , professional , quick and quality .
plus , they are genuinely concerned about their work product .
great service !
great value !
best in the valley hands down !
great customer service , all my items came out great .
price was very reasonable as well .
best dry cleaner in phx !
lesson learned just rush it to david !
this place is fantastic !
this place is great .
always gets things cleaned and done when they say they will .
otherwise love this place .
they 're the best of the best .
talk about going above and beyond .
thanks park ave - you rock .
on top of that - they 're great !
they 've always taken great care of my clothes .
they are always super friendly which is greatly appreciated .
thank you - and keep up the great work !
it 's right near my house and they take good care of me .
i highly recommend them !
good , helpful service and a quick turn around .
my clothes always come back great and they are done on time .
park avenue cleaners is the best .
i trust them completely and recommend them highly !
keep up the great job guys .
great service !
they are the nicest people and run a wonderful business .
this is by far the best dry cleaner i 've found in the area .
they really take care of my clothes and get out stains with ease .
ca n't recommend them enough !
this place is one of the best in the area .
its quality work at a really good price .
nice folks and they do a really good job .
moved from houston to north scottsdale .
but thanks to yelp i 've found a perfect option .
great job and everything ( almost ) is $ _num_ !
this is honestly one of the best dry cleaning experiences ever !
i 've been a customer for a long time and the service is good .
i 've always loved this business .
i love supporting local businesses , and this one is truly wonderful .
great staff .
will report back in the condition of my shirts .
they 're amazing .
it looks wonderful and the price was great .
excellent service , fast , friendly , efficient , easy and cheap .
they have affordable prices , and our clothes always come back perfect .
great location and many good reviews .
it felt good .
always a fav for fast food !
this is the best way to get out of the summer heat .
the owner is a wonderful guy ; who keeps the ice in awesome shape !
from june to september , this is a great place to escape the heat .
sometimes , an establishment gets an extra star boost for being unique .
the staff is helpful and the place has a genuine neighborhood feel .
great way to try it out without having to spend a lot of money .
the ice tavern behind the goal was a blast !
good times !
cheap fun place to skate !
came with family and it was great !
great place for a birthday party !
good staff and accomodations .
work quality excellent , and everything was completed exactly as promised .
great team !
i found leather like new from the yelp reviews and fred is wonderful !
his staff was also very nice and helpful !
i would def recommend leather like new to anyone !
great customer service and top notch work !
fred and the team were professional and courteous .
love this company .
fred , the owner is a true professional .
keep it up guys !
absolutely fantastic , the best money we 've ever spent !
i ca n't recommend them highly enough !
many , many thanks guys !
i had a high end sofa and love that had seen better days .
thanks guys for an amazing and incredible job .
this fred is some kind of miracle worker with leather .
highest possible rating : a very good business !
great customer service !
my experience with leather like new was excellent .
i am thrilled with the quality professionalism of this business .
they lived up to , and surpassed my expectations .
fred is a pleasure to work with .
highly recommended !
that was the special .
my food was fresh served with a friendly smile .
great pizza when i 'm in a hurry or have friends over .
he delivers to my house super fast and is always friendly .
that really makes a difference .
loved watching the status !
it arrived as promised ... it was correct and arrived hot !
thanks domino 's !
pizza was perfect .
nice !
i love this barber shop !
everyone here is really nice .
done and done .
good people great haircut !
he waited for me and gave a great cut !
i love this place !
great atmosphere , great food .
funny thing is , the more we drink the more i understand your english .
thanks for the help .
bottom line : worth every penny !
this is the best italian restaurant in phoenix .
the place is very small and cozy , and decorated very warmly inside .
live music is featured most nights .
all of the pasta is homemade fresh daily , and is very very good .
some of the best italian food i have ever had .
the bar is small but fun to hang out at .
the food is always fresh and delicious .
yes indeed , this is good as it gets !
the service is consistently top-notch and professional .
best gnocchi and meat sauce i 've ever had .
they make everyone feel welcome and well taken cared of .
the ambiance is very nice , who knew it was in a strip mall ?
my first visit there was with a date , and i was definitely impressed .
your dining experience there will be private , personal and in a lovely atmosphere .
the best italian food in the city !
the pastas are exceptional , unique , and fresh .
the atmosphere is superb .
the owners are wonderfully nice and friendly .
home made pasta , fresh and original .
perfect !
the finest we had in az .
i agree with all the enthusiasts here .
the handmade pastas are awesome !
so delish !
the atmosphere is plush and romantic , i had the chef 's tasting menu .
their hand made pasta is absolutely delicious .
the pasta was lovely !
this is a fabulous italian restaurant .
the service is impeccable and very professional .
the food is excellent , as well .
this is definitely a great place for special occasions .
never had an average meal as it 's usually very good .
strongly recommend the home made pasta 's .
homemade everything - the pasta is always a favorite for us .
off the chart amazing !
i would highly recommend this restaurant for a special night out .
the place was awesome !
this place was fantastic .
the food , service , ambiance , and everything else were amazing .
love this place !
the owners are very friendly and make you feel welcome .
food is creative and delicious .
service is great .
we keep coming back !
either as a couple or as a group - this place works .
the owners are very warm and welcoming and are very true to their craft .
the kitchen is impeccable .
wonderful meal , beautiful atmosphere .
scallops in pesto , gnocchi and an amazing selection of fresh made infused pastas .
staff is amazing and very knowledgeable .
the pastas are handmade and good .
just an incredible experience .
beautiful dishes .
i was with a very large group that they handled very well .
excellent service .
that 's right , it is woohoo as good as it gets !
this place is perfect for a celebration dinner with some special people .
the food was excellent .
absolutely amazing .
pricey but worth it .
the service was impeccable .
it was also delicious .
we loved it though .
i look forward to going back !
excellent service and food .
black ink pasta with seafood is delicious .
the combination was amazing .
the staff is attentive and very helpful .
best pasta i have ever had .
had one of the best tiramisu .
live music was great .
our server was perfect and extremely attentive .
will definitely be back on the next trip !
food was a little pricey but absolutely terrific .
i have been here several times and it is consistently delicious .
fresh pasta and high quality ingredients make all the difference .
it 's actually good .
everything was cooked perfectly .
service was attentive .
i had an amazing meal here .
top _num_ italian meals ever .
great service and homemade pastas .
brilliant - server scott was all over us !
fresh made pasta - ambiance perfect .
thank chef , scott and staff !
very impressed with the pasta special .
the live music was a perfect volume and waiters were very attentive .
great place .
loved it .
good starters loved every bite .
pasta fantastic .
and lastly loved the tiramisu .
great food .
atmosphere is fun , decent wine list .
i make it here once a month .
went here for a birthday , we had a excellent time .
food was great and loved the ambience .
great for a date night , very romantic with candles and roses .
you also get free bread with a dip which was tasty .
overall great experience and would come back .
we had tiramisu , it was small to share but very good .
the singer was great and a nice addition to the evening .
we love this place !
i really enjoy this place the food is good and the service is excellent .
my wife and i enjoy the freshly made pasta and seafood .
lobster in a spicy marinara sauce .
incredibly delicious , fresh pasta a culinary pleasure .
the food is divine .
the restaurant is first class and the owners are like your best new friend .
i love this place !
will always bring my family , friends and even by myself .
i am always treated great .
treat yourself !
fresh pasta and a great atmosphere make for a wonderful date night .
french wines selection is great .
what an amazing experience .
you will be hooked and a frequent guest !
i will be back again and again and again and again and again .
killer !
the food was absolutely incredible and the environment was so romantic .
i love it !
our server was wonderful and the food was beyond incredible though .
it is truly a dining experience and the food is out of this world .
would highly recommend this place it is an experience you wo n't soon forget .
homemade pasta here is the best and they have a variety of options .
you will definitely find fresh homemade pasta here .
this restaurant is beautiful with a very intimate setting .
i had their pasta special and it was outstanding .
the service was spot on as well .
very classy .
i had a mule drink that was very good .
my dates drink was great as well .
you only live once , enjoy !
the food here is absolutely delicious .
definitely the best italian cuisine in the valley by far .
the ambiance , the food , the service it 's all amazing .
excellent food , excellent ambience , excellent service .
well i found it here !
we had such a lovely experience .
this will definitely be our go-to for special occasions .
pricey , but worth it .
will definitely be back !
overall , come for the food but stay for the great service !
there were about ten different dishes , and every single one sounded fantastic !
it was one of the best pasta dishes i 've ever had !
my husband loved his pasta as well .
this has to be one of my most favorite italian restaurants in scottsdale .
my favorite pasta is their ribbon pasta .
it is exquisite !
this is the best and i would suggest everyone to try it .
amazing food .
fresh made pasta was awesome , will definitely return .
kitchen is outstanding !
best italian food in arizona !
excellent ambience , fantastic and friendly staff .
good for a romantic or dinner with friends .
the tiramisu was fantastic , , we almost ordered a second one !
they had an amazing selection and a full bar .
this was a very nice experience in scottsdale .
the service was very good and our food was excellent .
great italian food !
went with my girlfriend and parents .
perfect restaurant for introducing her to the parents .
great food and service .
strongly recommend this place .
the pastas are delicious !
delicious !
the pasta is amazing although very expensive for ... pasta .
i love sitting outside !
perfect for a romantic date night !
i will definitely return and will definitely recommend !
some of the best italian food i 've ever eaten !
probably some of the best italian food i 've ever had .
the service was good and our waiter was very attentive to our table .
the food was great ... we started with the gnocchi which was wonderful !
i love this place -- very romantic and great food .
nice touch .
this is the spot for some of the best italian food !
they have a great wine list and a full bar .
i love this place .
the best ravioli in the city .
the gnocchi is also amazing .
they prepare a wonderful chicken breast and vegetables for my son with allergies .
excellent food and a great atmosphere .
the tortellini in cream sauce is close to the best in the city .
i often crave the ravioli .
delicious .
always good- the pastas are generous and flavorful .
the best ravioli i 've ever had .
and the gnocchi was wonderful as well .
the pasta is all so fresh - anything must be good here .
friendly , attentive staff and amazing handmade pasta make this a winner !
this place is a little hidden gem .
the food was fantastic .
everything we had tasted fresh and perfectly seasoned .
some of the best italian i 've ever had !
it was pleasantly surprise !
pasta is made right at the restaurant .
highly recommend getting some pasta !
had a birthday party here , and it was great !
we had so much fun !
the food was so delicate and quaint , yet full of flavor .
i love italian restaurants , and this one did not disappoint .
the atmosphere was outstanding - quiet , quaint and relaxing .
the service was great as well .
our server was friendly , knowledgeable and right there when we needed her .
and the food was delicious .
surprised by unexpected north phoenix location .
the chianti was splendid !
the food was delicious .
lovely intimate dining .
what a great find !
we had an absolutely fabulous dinner start to finish .
both sauces were the best we have had !
service was exceptional and food was wonderful .
the house ravioli is excellent , the recommended starter .
they must do this for everyone , their way of saying thanks .
just love that place !
amazing food , amazing service , great atmosphere !
always have an enjoyable experience every time we dine here .
well worth the relatively high prices .
the service is always top-notch .
the setting is authentic italian .
the ravioli and gnocchi were amazing .
brought the family in for a nice dinner over spring break .
service was attentive and spot-on .
great service and they were happy to cater to our picky dietary requests .
i had a sea bass special and replaced the linguine w perfectly steamed veggies .
delicious .
a nice and reasonably priced italian pinot noir and a complimentary after dinner drink .
perfection .
i will definitely be back .
`` great food and service .
thank you yelpers for your review here .
i took your advice and had a fantastic meal .
service was excellent and the food was wonderful .
this place was beyond good .
the service was more than i expected and the food was so delicious .
the waiter was great and not to mention hilarious .
we left there full and happy .
definitely a must have if you 're in the area .
the entire experience was exceptional .
let me tell you , this place was a winner .
i tried a variety of appetizers , the lasagna omg delicious !
homemade fresh pasta !
the place was packed and seemed like it was worth the wait .
the food was delicious and everyone at our table enjoyed their meal .
nina , the owner , greeted all the guests and was lovely .
great meal and ambiance .
we liked it so much we went back the next night !
if you are in phoenix and want a great italian meal this is it .
what a fantastic meal and the service was as good !
dinner at the bar .
this immediately won me over .
i enjoyed it very much and would go back .
a+ service the most real and authentic italian restaurant .
the best ravioli in the world .
vincent took good care of us !
wonderful food and service .
may be the best italian we 've ever had .
i 've been several times and had a great meal every time .
quite formal , table cloths etc but good quality food in appropriate portions .
the ambiance with the low lighting and an intimate setting was lovely .
the pasta was perfectly cooked .
the veal was tender and very tasty .
the service was excellent and they even had a magician to entertain the guests .
i have been coming here with my family since it opened , years ago .
the food is consistently good .
all of their pasta dishes are excellent .
it is superb .
both were delicious !
we had tiramisu for dessert and it was great !
honestly this is the best italian food i 've ever had .
pretty much anything you order is incredible .
wow was it delish !
both dishes were incredible .
our food was fantastic .
excellent service and food !
the raviolis are a must !
chicken parm and lasagna are the best i 've had .
service was excellent .
i highly recommend this place .
great food and old school italian food !
i love the food here !
i have been here so many times and everything on the menu is delicious .
we will definitely come here again .
very nice family operated italian restaurant .
dinner room is dimly lit - great for a romantic dinner .
appetizers were very good .
recommend the calamari .
will definitely be back .
great spot to take a date , the food is excellent .
we went to dinner for new years eve and everything was wonderful .
we were really happy we got to experience such a magical restaurant .
and their take out is equally amazing , always taking great care of you .
amazing food .
i absolutely love this place and these people .
ambience is good for dates to dinner parties .
the bar is quaint and intimate .
the food is fresh and authentic .
ugh the ravioli and calamari are amazing .
what a wonderful meal .
it was so good we finished the rest saturday night .
the service was spot on as well .
the food was absolutely delicious .
we will be back each time we visit the valley !
this is by far one of my most favorite places in town .
the food is outstanding and the service is the best !
you will want to go back often i promise !
we love the food , the friendly and very professional staff !
service service service !
the service is spot on .
my family and i were visiting arizona and stayed at a hotel nearby .
we had a such a great experience at this restaurant !
the vibe is very authentic italian , which my italian family loved .
in addition to the great food , the service was fantastic !
absolutely loved this place .
true italian ambience .
best italian food i 've had in a long time .
our waiter was the best .
will definitely be going back next time i visit my son .
welcome to the set of any authentic italian restaurant scene .
if you are anywhere near this spot deserves a trip .
this place is amazing !
vince was our server and i highly recommend him !
he was so great to us .
the food was delicious !
i highly recommend the bolognese with sausage .
very scrumptious and the bread they serve you first is delicious as well .
definitely recommend this establishment if you 're in the area .
absolutely one of the best italian restaurants , hands down !
we go here for our birthday dinners and other good date nights .
such a treat !
the food is incredible and rather inexpensive from my perspective .
the calamari , mussels , and escargot are also very good appetizers .
by far my best dining experience on my visit to phoenix .
beef carpaccio for our appetizer , simply divine !
even the marinara sauce on the side of pasta was perfect .
wow !
amazing food and great service .
best italian food i 've ever had , hands down .
yes it was that good .
the service was personable and fun at all levels .
wow !
best ravioli i have had anywhere .
our favorite italian food in az .
this was a gem .
not hipster gourmet fare , but hearty , flavorful food with spectacular service .
great italian food .
ravioli are my personal favorite , cream sauce is amazing .
soups and salads are great too .
i ate here awhile ago and it was amazing .
a marvelous little place tucked into an older strip mall .
vincent was our waiter and took good care of us ... and yes .
the eggplant parmesan was delicious as was the cannoli for dessert .
excellent all the way around .
what a terrific surprise that such a wonderful authentic italian restaurant was so close .
great atmosphere .
all of it was fantastic .
the house salad was terrific and so was the bread they serve .
enjoy !
this is the real deal !
food was delicious and the staff was outstanding .
everything from the salad to the ravioli and spicy shrimp pasta special was great .
have gone twice since my family found this place a month ago .
wait staff is entertaining .
the food is so good and worth the price .
clam linguini , shrimp pasta , and tortellini are so good .
we will definitely be back !
amazing personalized service and the most fabulous food !
best italian i 've had ( and i 've been to italy ) .
the food is awesome , the staff is super and roberto is great !
this place is amazing !
the meal was excellent .
our server was great .
the owner is incredibly cordial and hospitable and the food was incredibly delicious .
best salmon and veggies ever !
best italian food in america !
great service and beautiful restaurant !
oh , our server was great !
this place is so good !
guy , our waiter , was patient and kind .
best ravioli i have ever had .
seriously the best .
spaghetti was great , chicken parm and alfredo great !
got ta go see these folks !
great stuff !
heaven .
love their blueberry cake donuts .
these donuts are the best ever !
great donuts .
love these donuts !
yum best donuts in phoenix .
i would want my crack to be these amazing donuts !
they are delicious and addicting .
my iced coffee was decent as well .
their ham & cheese croissant are so darn good also .
great service also , the young ladies working here is so polite and helpful .
great place , donuts made fresh everyday .
the owners are great , it is the best .
the cute girl behind the counter recommended the maple bacon donut .
it was amazing .
tasty donuts in a convenient location .
however , he is so amazing and found this location .
at $ _num_ it is well worth it !
also regular fresh made doughnuts are only $ _num_ !
delicious donuts !
so worth it .
always fresh , and always a hit when i bring them in to work .
the cream filled donuts are wonderful .
love this place .
they have the best testing donuts .
they have a great selection of donuts to choose from .
the donuts are all fresh and delicious .
they also have an oreo donut which is really good !
place is clean and staff super friendly .
so tasty !
that 's amazing service .
definitely will return , soft and delicious donuts !
great donuts !
no problem , they will make it for you on the spot !
anyone from the south knows that those are the best donuts ever !
rainbow donuts is the best !
the owners are so sweet and welcoming .
amazing .
super inexpensive .
delicious , simple coffee .
come early because this place is amazing and sells out super fast .
it 's worth it .
got ta go !
rare found in phoenix !
truly delicious .
so much better than fry 's across the street !
they try to make it a good experience .
the facilities were clean and everyone simply amazing .
every person i encountered were kind and helpful and professional .
thank you to all the staff that treated me .
( thank you , karen ! )
the people in there were just great to us .
she was so nice .
she has the best bedside manner i have ever experienced .
they were very helpful and so kind .
thank you er staff !
the er is also quite clean .
well , it 's now saturday and i 'm still here .
above average location .
clean , friendly staff and prompt , efficient service .
the food is good and the prices are also .
i was pleasantly surprised by a salad of all things .
it is a nice convenient and quick little lunch spot .
i love the bistro as we call it here arthur office next door .
the baristas are always so nice !
( my mouth is full .
i love the way they cook their orange chicken .
it tastes so good .
i think their orange chicken is the best and after that honey walnut shrimp .
the store is clean and i have never had any problem with them .
good service .
good food .
good ppl .
i 'm in heaven .
i love this pizza !
it 's the best i have had in phoenix .
service is fine ... but the pizza is awesome .
the appetizers and wings are fantastic .
it is a meal with three pastas !
you can eat there , but i prefer delivery .
pat 's pizza is so good that it hurts .
tastes great , good price .
i stumbled upon this place back in _num_ and loved it !
the pizza is really good .
its just right there in the middle good pizza .
the crust is always perfect , that sauce is always delightful .
their pasta dishes are a fantastic value , all coming in under $ _num_ .
yummy on !
take a ride to this mom & pop place and give them a try .
some of the best pizza i 've tasted !
i absolutely love this place for a quick no frills cheap lunch .
the food is good and the friendly service better .
the pizza and wings special is great .
great pizza & wing special .
best ny pizza in az hands down !
it 's so fresh and the crust is cooked to perfection !
good little local pizza place .
wings were really good and service was very friendly and attentive .
best pizza in az , hands down .
great ny style pizza and wings !
best pizza in phoenix !
breath is horrible but i love it !
so good !
keeps me coming back !
i will be back !
pat 's has the best wings in the valley !
some of my favorite nyc style crust .
everything here is great !
how i love me some pat 's !
inexpensive , and crazy tasty .
love pat 's pizza !
best pizza i 've ever tasted .
i love it !
the lunch special is such a deal !
service is always great , very nice employees and owners .
good pizza and wings and very nice people .
so good !
the hoagie took me right back to growing up on the east coast !
i popped in early in the day and placed my order .
we got a variety of pizzas and they were really good .
totally perfect for the party .
real ny pizza !
it is the best slice that i have found outside of nyc .
the owners and staff are warm and friendly and take pride in their work .
this is a small and simple place that happens to make incredible pizza !
delicious pizza .
i love it .
great crust , not soggy .
great tasting toppings and nice cosy environment to eat in .
but i enjoy the taste every time i get one .
so far the best in town that i 've found .
this place was worth the call and they delivered right to our room .
delicious sicilian pizza !
unexpectedly wonderful !
it 's a quaint little family pizzeria .
great deal , great pizza !
the service was friendly and the pizza was fantastic !
the best pizza i have had here in phoenix !
i would highly recommend going to pat 's !
i will definitely being going back !
excellent pizza and amazing wings and the staff is always awesome .
it 's a favorite for date night .
this is also the fianc and i 's go-to pizza delivery spot .
best ny style pizza in phoenix in my opinion .
always friendly and the delivery is typically quicker than the time they quote you .
wings extra crispy bc crispy wings are the best !
keep up the good work pat 's !
the crust is unbelievably good , even the dry outside crust is a treat .
perfect thing to impress your beer drinking buddies .
love the pizza , great crust !
tasty sauce and light on the cheese , just what i like .
the _num_ slice special is a deal , comes with a drink !
love this place !
pizza by the slice , delicious and ny style !
staff is also great , friendly !
it had a a good flavor .
the extra crispy wings were good too .
the prices were good also .
we had the slice special and were very happy .
i have eaten here twice and it 's amazing .
the wings are delicious and crispy too .
great wings & pizza !
all in all though , good food , decent service .
best pizza in town .
pizza reminded me of the nyc style think crust and large very delicious !
the next time we order it came perfect .
otherwise pizza was great .
best pie in the valley .
hands down , best in town .
i 'm good to go for another couple of years .
thanks guys !
they are always friendly , patient and great teachers .
i get great advice and good products at a good value .
thanks b and l .
during the spring and fall it 's great to sit outside .
it 's a sandwich shop and they have great sandwiches .
the lunch menu has specialty vs regular sandwiches .
the bread is bakery quality and there 's a decent selection .
my friend had the greek salad with chicken - he said it was wonderful .
nice sandwich shop that 's clean and has good food !
there is plenty of parking , and several bike racks available .
go and check it out !
it is a relaxed atmosphere where all are welcomed .
plus , it is a great deal !
the teachers are outstanding , knowledgeable , and friendly .
victor is the fastest !
victor is excellent .
the staff is friendly and courteous as well .
the salon is clean and the staff is always very friendly .
best circle k in the uptown phoenix area .
lines move quick and employees friendly and happy to be there .
good selection of wine and beer .
tina and tony run this shop and they are both amazing !
great job every time and i love the two of them .
prices are good and easy location .
best place in town !
tony and tina do an amazing job on nails and waxing .
love them !
i 've gone to glad nail many times and they are wonderful .
they do an amazing job .
i 'm actually heading back today .
they 've taken great care to create a modern , clean and welcoming ambiance .
enjoyed a great mani and pedi !
mary is great , truly changed my skin .
the ultimate place to get a facial !
try the ultimate facial - you will get hooked .
everyone who loves skin care should go to mary .
she is professional and knowledgable .
her salon is stylish , clean and cozy .
keep up the good work !
see you soon .
i love this place , mary you 're awesome .
mary makes you feel at ease and like a friend .
you have to make an appointment , your face will love you .
wow !
the best facial ever !
it was a wonderful , relaxing experience .
so nice spending time with mary .
treat yourself to an amazing facial .
i love my facials at skin bliss !
mary is extremely professional and very knowledgable about skin care .
also love her her products .
they did an amazing job at a great price .
my carpets were really dirty and now they look amazing .
he was very polite , friendly and thorough !
thank you jeff , and see you next time !
bo was here on time and did a great job !
i will definitely use them again .
carpet came out great and even got rid of some old stains .
friendly and helpful guys .
thanks .
i think these guys are great .
i nearly cried !
it was amazing !
he did a great job and i am very happy with the results .
thanks !
best mechanics ever .
i feel i have finally found the neighborhood mechanic .
clean , trustworthy and on time .
these guys were great !
this is the place to go for honest automotive work .
excellent service and decent pricing .
i recommend this shop .
great shakes and fries , burgers were n't too shabby either .
rick was pleasant , knowledgeable , timely , and his prices were very reasonable .
great service !
always did a great job .
it was delicious .
the food and chips and salsa were also very good .
the margaritas were also quite tasty .
great restaurant !
large portions and good food .
the best mexican restaurant in the area .
from their dinner chips with the delicious hot sauce to their amazing burritos .
muy bueno !
the food is solid , and it 's a steal .
it is a real phoenix institution .
it 's so yummy !
they have some tasty margarita 's as well .
i would recommend anyone to go to this restaurant .
on top of great food the service is also good !
always great !
well , now the food is still great and the wait is much shorter .
delicious !
it 's one of the finest mexican food establishments in the valley !
i love their salsa as well .
my favorite is the carlos carnitas dinner .
my wife likes the little bit of everything plate .
they have happy hour as well and the prices are reasonable .
had dinner here last night , and what a pleasure !
the food is always good and you always leave full .
the shredded beef tacos are great .
the beans and rice are great to .
always a good meal and i would recommend it for sure .
food and service was excellent !
the vegetable fajitas were delicious - probably the best i 've ever tried .
my family said that the beef tacos and beef burrito were amazing as well .
the chips are pretty much bottomless and the dip is good .
the service is excellent .
the mini tacos are also very good .
a very homey and comfortable place .
the crispy outside and packed with goodness inside was just wonderful .
highly recommend !
big portions , good prices .
my husband and i love this place !
it 's a great spot for happy hour .
their regular menu has decent prices as well .
the staff is great , always so friendly and attentive .
great place !
keep it up !
it was just as good as i remembered .
okay , the food is not the best mexican food in the world .
just good people having a good time .
chips and salsa are good , but again , not the best .
staff is awesome and they will really take care of you .
ask for `` jose '' - he will take care of you .
i love this place !
the service in the bar area is amazing !
i highly recommend this place !
well , heavenly goodness and joy comes to mind .
it is very good food .
the food is always good and the staff extremely friendly and prompt .
the food and service were both excellent .
the salmon was well done , as were the beans and rice .
amazing food and amazing service .
great food .
we love the service and the food .
service is always great .
first time there and it was excellent .
good prices good portions .
good food and fair prices .
servers are always friendly and attentive .
great staff and delicious food with reasonable prices and large servings !
the fajitas were fantastic .
great portions .
fair price .
always go to this location as it it right by our house .
food is always great and price is good .
staff is always friendly .
by far one of the best places to get mexican food .
happy hour prices are great especially with drink specials .
the food and staff are always very good .
outstanding service .
this is a old time family fave !
really good mexican food !
very popular spot and a must try !
always a family excellent restaurant .
best food and drinks !
service is excellent and what time you do wait sure is worth it !
great service and the drinks are always good .
food is pretty good and you get a large amount for the cost .
the booze is a little more than most but they do taste good.
this is my favorite place !
the salsa is great !
they are quick and friendly and i 've never had a problem !
any company who keeps their employees for _num_ years plus deserves our support !
the food is fantastic and have never had bad service .
the hostesses are courteous and pleasant .
favorite mexican restaurant !
i always get the chimichanga because theirs is the best .
but still tasted really good .
really good authentic mexican food .
service was very nice as stated earlier .
i agree with the person that said they hope they never close !
pollo fundido was delicious !
one of the best i 've had .
lots of seating , big restaurant , great service .
my personal favorite is the pollo fundido .
it 's an explosion of flavor .
they also make great margaritas .
another plus is they still give you chips and salsa for pick up orders .
love it , love it , love it !
you can bring your own booze too !
they also have great huge grilled sandwiches and fresh salads .
it 's fantastic .
this sauce has flavor and add garlic and spice , friggin perfect .
i love the pizza here as well as the down to earth relaxing atmosphere .
servers have always been great to me .
best pizza in town !
this is the best pizza , by far , in my neighborhood .
it didnt matter it was magnificent without the signature sauce .
hands down the best delivery i have had in years .
the pizza was chicago style and phenomenal !
really good !
it 's so good , it makes good look not so good !
the calzone was very enjoyable .
oh well - moving on .
my personal fave is the spaghetti & meatball calzone - yum !
which makes it good for families and/or groups .
best pizza in town !
i saw one of the calzones and wow ... it was huge !
overall , very warm and inviting people .
good food .
the slightly spicey is the perfect mix for the slightly sweet sauce .
great pizza place !
the thin crust pizza is amazing !
i ordered take out for the first time and everything was absolutely perfect .
simply the best pizza in the valley of the sun .
reasonable prices , fast service , take out rocks .
amazing !
the antipasto salad with half spinach is always crisp , fresh and delicious .
extra points for the gluten-free crust option !
this is my absolute favorite pizza place in the phoenix area .
i hate waiting for a table , but it 's always worth it .
i highly recommend pepperoni with extra cheese .
i love spinatos .
the spinach pizza is my favorite .
i 've been going there for years and it 's always delicious !
calzones are the best .
the food is yummy !
the people are pleasant .
little expensive , worth it !
my favorite pizza place in phoenix !
family owned and super fresh ingredients .
their pizza sauce is the best i 've ever had .
their salads are great too .
even the delivery guys are the best .
love this place !
the sauce is unique and wonderful .
it is that good !
by far my favorite pizza ever .
just had it again last night and it was great .
amazing is all i have to say about this place ... the end !
the service here was exceptional and our waiter was soooo nice !
it was all well worth the wait .
the combination of the sweet sauce and cheese blend makes for the perfect pizza .
this place is fantastic .
the get the dough from a local bakery and it is seriously good .
our servers have always been friendly and knowledgeable about the ingredients of the food .
i will definitely be back !
pretty decent salad for a pizza joint !
our family always enjoys a night a spinatos .
ugh , some of the best pizza in town .
ask for it with ricotta , you 'll thank me !
i will definitely be back .
some of the best pizza i have ever eaten .
i also just tried the chicago last night and it was so so good .
i love this place !
the sauce is what sets it apart from other places .
perfect for dining in or take out !
pretty damn good .
recommended by our hotel 's bartender , and you know that 's good advice !
pizza toppings were fresh and tasty .
service was great .
will definately be back again !
my favorite pizza joint in the phx metro area !
garlic , spinach , & fresh tomatoes was great , even _num_ days later .
that was delicious as well .
good service , not fancy .
just go and eat and drink and have a nice time .
this place has really good thick and thin crust pizza .
i thought that it was very kind gesture .
go for the pizza but enjoy the family atmosphere too .
i have been to _num_ locations and they are all fantastic !
such a great place .
the one on glendale was byob at one time which was nice as well .
excellent service , delicious food in a family environment !
salads are good .
great pizza .
the sauce is what makes these pies extra special .
it actually nice and sweet !
that is what makes this place so delicious .
best pizza in phoenix ... period !
sweet sauce .
staff is always welcoming and polite .
my faves are the spicy italian and canadian .
the services is always , friendly and the staff makes you feel at home !
best pizza ever !
ingredients are fresh .
you get quality pizza !
for a good price ! ''
are you kidding me with this place ... : ) i love it .
the food is amazing and the service is friendly .
its clean and fast .
love the calzones .
their home made sausage is the best i have had west of the mississippi .
this is the best pizza in phoenix .
other than that , i 'm a fan - i 'll definitely be back !
soo good !
one of our fav spot .
: ) the lemonade is my favorite and the meat lovers pizza !
awesome !
great service !
it 's wonderful !
their wait staff is always good and very efficient .
in my humble opinion ... best pizza in the valley .
such a refreshing change from most delivery people !
thank you spinatos for being a cut above !
i love this place and plan to become a regular .
this pizza is delicious .
love it .
great service from everyone .
server , manager , hostess .
great pizza .
and i think it 's a great value .
we 've been twice and it 's instantly become a favorite .
signature spinach extra crispy - love the garlic - so good .
it 's pizza perfection .
everything is always really fresh .
when i have done carryout the employees were always nice and attentive .
the delivery staff is always good as well .
my favorite pizza in town !
great combination of flavors .
i tried the spaghetti calzone : so many carbs , so delicious .
and for good measure , they make some really good chocolate chip cookies .
spinato 's is wonderful !
definitely worth trying out if your in the mood for pizza !
strangely addictive pizza .
sweet sauce ... .
nice !
eating here for years and always enjoy the food .
the manager took my order and was incredibly nice with get well wishes .
how thoughtful is that ?
a true italian family restaurant , filled with heart .
this place has the best gluten-free pizza in town .
i 'll definitely be going back .
i love spinato 's pizza .
the gluten free crust is better than any i 've had .
my family loves to go to spinato 's .
this past weekend , i finally had the chance to visit this location .
they have such amazing food and they have a beautiful new building now too !
the red sauce was the best i have ever had .
on the sweeter side but amazing .
i loved it .
i love spinato 's !
the food was great and our server was very friendly .
, everything was great .
best pizza in town !
perfectly .
and let me tell you , it 's worth it .
fantastic selection .
much better and more personal than all of the chain stores .
you will definitely get something unique .
thank you !
it 's also nice to see fellow veterans out there working hard .
i 'll try to remember to add a pic because it was truly spectacular .
they worked really hard on it and it turned out amazing .
my husband was so excited and surprised .
thank you so much !
perfect !
it was absolutely stunning .
the service was professional and owner is so easy and wonderful to work with .
they taste wonderful , look exquisite and are reasonably priced .
the cake was delicious .
these people are wonderful !
by the way , the cake was outstanding .
will definitely come back here for future cakes !
delectable baked goods are a big part of my life 's enjoyment .
the shape of the cake and the frosting design were highly elegant .
when cut , the pieces were light , yet filling .
i highly recommend this bakery for your celebration cakes !
delicious !
all the samples that we tasted were delicious not overly sweet just perfect !
it 's a little expensive but it 's well worth it .
amazing !
give them your very best , they give theirs .
um , this place is great !
it is great !
i highly recommend checking sassy glasses out .
i had the pleasure to meet with drew who works at this organization .
he was very knowledgable and an absolute pleasure to deal with .
great service , wonderful staff , unique frames .
thank you sassy glasses !
this place is definitely worth checking out !
amazing store , amazing customer service and fast .
these guys are fantastic .
very , very _num_ star happy with these folks !
i highly recommend sassy glasses !
we really like it here .
the staff and maintenance are great .
if we have any type of problem or concern it is handled right away .
we have really nice neighbors and have made some good friends .
i really feel safe here which is really important to me .
this place is awesome !
they really help women !
life choices is always my choice for my well woman check .
i have referred them to my friends and clients .
the staff is always friendly and have given me great referrals for other services .
this sally 's is definitely a blessing being so close !
the young lady kelly in there is so sweet so knowledgeable and so helpful !
i love that i can ask her about a product and get real feedback !
this place is really nice !
there 's plenty of stock and things are well place and easy to find .
great neighborhood location , friendly american barbers , good value for the money .
wow !
sports theme , and plenty of sports memorabilia to check out while your there !
the staff are all very friendly and efficient .
one time i was in and a very senior woman was sending a package .
the man helping her was patient and courteous and treated her with utmost respect .
it was nice to see him treat an older person with such dignity .
i 've loved doing business with this ups store for many years now .
anyway always courteous and professional in the services they provide .
the owner and employees are extremely helpful and friendly .
they always greet me by name and with a smile .
it is pricier but well worth it .
this location the best !
everyone here goes above and beyond !
convenient , courteous and efficient .
they are great at service .
their service is great and the staff is friendly .
if your looking for a private mail box , i recommend them without hesitation .
very friendly and helpful people .
i will definitely return to this ups store location .
they are always very friendly and helpful when i come in .
thanks for the great service guys !
prompt service .
i am happy to give my business to this location .
great guys very helpful and obviously have a local group of regulars .
i will definitely give them my business again !
service was above and beyond while shipping items for my daughter 's school .
cherry on top : their chips are awesome .
the patio is usually full of people having a good time .
i always get the taco 's and they 're consistently good , not great .
they make strong margarita 's .
bottom line : great neighborhood mexican , one of az 's best patios !
we were surprised by the friendly environment , good food and terrific service .
a laid back environment with good mexican food and good margaritas .
it really hit the spot after a _num_ hour road trip !
we both enjoyed our meals .
what a great way to start out the night !
for the record , he ate it all and said it was delicious .
the chips and salsa are award winning and for good reason .
the bar gets to be pretty packed on these nights .
nice food when i have eaten there on occasion .
recently had lunch and love their `` street tacos '' .
i really enjoyed this place .
they had some real good food .
felt very authentic ... or at least southwest mexican good !
good for what it presents itself to be .
the staff is incredibly friendly , and the atmosphere is impressive .
you 're welcome .
as many of the other reviews said , the chips and salsa are great !
the service was respectable and our water glasses were always filled .
it was a great dining experience and the atmosphere on the patio was wonderful !
great chips and salsa ( especially the flour chips ) .
loved the food and the margaritas !
see you soon !
their new menu is amazing !
i love them !
is it the best mexican food ?
i love this place .
chips here are great !
nice outdoor area that is dog friendly .
food is good.
not great .
i thought the chips and salsa were good - flour chip ones were great .
good evening overall .
it was very satisfying .
flour chips r delicious !
i think you will enjoy the experience .
a tasty blast !
good food , good atmosphere , friendly staff .
great place to take the kids , they love the free chocolate fountain .
chips and salsa are fabulous !
best tortilla chips i have had even if the salsa is half ass .
chips were great , enchiladas were great , and the ladies loved the margaritas !
it 's got a fun atmosphere and excellent service , will definitely go again !
okay so we had an awesome yelp event here tonight !
i thought the service was superb !
i thought the drinks were great !
i especially loved the corn tamales ... they were spectacular !
yet another fabulous yelp event held at this locale .
az icon at its best .
the place itself is amazing , the owners and staff are freakin cool .
the food is always great even if you go for the happy hour only !
the food was excellent and it was served buffet style .
all of the food was wonderful , tasty and packed with flavor .
enjoyed all of this on the outside patio .
other than that - i 've always loved this tucked away location !
i went here for the yelp event and it was great !
i love the name of this place !
this place is a little tucked away hidden treasure !
the venue is awesome with so many areas to sit and enjoy .
the food was great and offered a lot of variety .
the service was excellent and the staff was super friendly .
ole !
the food was excellent .
the chips and salsa at each table were excellent as well .
we 'll definitely check them out again for their regular menu !
it 's a great atmosphere .
i love this place !
they have a wide variety of beers as well as really great margaritas .
chips and salsa are great !
great friendly staff !
awesome homemade hot sauce !
it 's just a fun place to hang out and people watch .
we had a buffet and i was very impressed with the menu options .
i was impressed by the flavorful and chunky salsa as well .
the food is average at best .
the drinks were good and they had live music playing which was nice .
the servers are always nice and say hi when passing by .
besides this , i really love atmosphere .
we were welcomed so nicely !
this is such a great place to sit and relax and have lunch .
the food is fantastic .
we are vegetarians and they added vegan fajitas to their menu .
they were fantastic !
my margarita on the rocks was nice and tart .
i 'm glad we found it !
fantastic place for happy hour or dinner or sunday brunch .
love this place .
`` the best '' happy hour for friday nights .
classic mexican fare with a little twist .
wait staff was a little slow , but responsive and engaging .
margaritas were good , too .
great atmosphere for the plus _num_ crowd .
live music is usually very good .
lively and fun , good vibe .
a bit pricey but still a fun place .
this is a fun spot !
the house margaritas are good , and the guacamole is delicious !
i love that the patio is incredibly dog friendly !
the servers are very friendly and attentive .
flour chips are the best !
enjoyed a nascar race , and some good conversation .
love this establishment , and will be back again , and again .
stayed across the street and went for a quick dinner .
service was very fast and the food was solid .
very good food with nice outdoor bar .
inside bar and table area is large and nice as well .
loved this place !
every thing was perfect !
ive been going here for years with my family !
two words ; chocolate !
it was amazing !
enjoy it here and regularly get good service .
have enjoyed a large variety of menu items over the years .
great meal for after a long day at the pool .
this place was really good .
i absolutely loved their flour tortilla chips .
they have great customer service .
the ambiance was great .
oh , and i ca n't forget , the margaritas were amazing !
very good mexican food in phoenix , the salsa has black olives in it !
i had a business lunch here recently and we had a wonderful time .
it was just the right amount .
and their chips are delicious .
consistently good food great service and a fun crowd .
great bartenders and friendly owners .
the atmosphere is funky and fun .
everything me and my friends have had has always been perfect .
i simply love this place !
the food here was very good .
we all agreed that it was some of the best we 've ever had .
overall we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere .
very cool place .
the flour chips are really different and good also .
will be back !
he 's got lots of energy .
delicious , as always !
good food .
relaxed atmosphere .
good drinks .
very cute atmosphere .
i definitely recommend it .
my friends were all thrilled with their meals .
the tortillas before the meal are excellent as well .
i put this one above most .
i really enjoy the mix of chips you get .
the chips are tasty , made out of flour .
they have the perfect kick .
the food was also delicious .
this place is amazing year after year !
authentic and delicious food !
the service was great too !
fantastic food and service .
excellent atmosphere !
completely satisfied , and i 'm hard person to satisfy with food .
they were really good .
my favorite mexican in phoenix !
love the beautiful outdoor patio and so does my dog !
the service is friendly and attentive and the fish tacos are amazing !
we just moved to the neighborhood and went yesterday for happy hour .
the service was friendly and quick .
the food was outstanding !
the food is great especially the delicious chips and salsa !
the service is superb our server tanner was professional and courteous !
definitely a favorite !
love the flour chips and delicious chunky salsa !
love the homemade chips and salsa !
the restaurant has great food and a fun and upbeat feel to it .
this is definitely our go to local mexican food spot !
great food , unique atmosphere , decent price , great crowd .
i always recommend this place when we have visitors .
visiting from ca , it is excellent for casual dining .
very nice server .
the service was fast and friendly and the food was delicious !
very friendly staff and great prices .
awesome enchiladas !
we had _num_ people in our party and our server was great .
we will definitely come back .
overall this was an amazing experience .
fantastic place with fun staff and good food .
we loved the patio , the service was simply amazing !
this is for sure my favorite place in phoenix .
she makes a mean vodka tonic as well .
i 've been here a few times and really enjoyed the atmosphere .
the restaurant is pretty big so it 's great for bringing big groups !
she is great behind the bar and always so positive !
loved the tortilla chips !
our bartender lauren was absolutely amazing .
so bright and bubbly and she made fantastic drinks .
highly recommend this place !
this place is great !
good drinks , food and ambience !
this place is perfect for happy hours and fun dinners !
will definitely be back here !
server was very nice and accommodating food was excellent .
great vibe and great margaritas !
oh and her margs are good too .
great place to have dinner outdoors !
the atmosphere was great for a friday night .
the food was excellent and well portioned .
we will be back next time we are in town .
the food and drinks are great but the service was the best part .
definitely sit at her bar when you check this place out .
the help / service were impeccable and everything i tried was tasty and affordable .
this phoenix gem is a must try !
great chips and salsa !
great atmosphere !
service is good and the food is decent !
two bars !
huge dining area !
completely obsessed with this place !
it 's my favorite !
the flour tortilla chips are amazing !
the staff is so sweet and friendly !
this place is awesome .
just a small thing , but greatly appreciated !
he was super nice !
thank you for helping us have an amazing mother 's day weekend !
great food ... everything we got was fresh and delicious .
the patio area is really cute too !
outstanding food .
the salsa and chips are made fresh and excellent .
the outdoor patio is large , covered and unique .
great service , great atmosphere , great vibe , and great food .
food was good and so was the service at the bar .
food was excellent but the service is outstanding .
they were unbelievably kind and cheerful and we will absolutely be back .
this place is a gem .
what i loved the most was the service .
my favorite mexican food .
love the chips -- they make both flour and corn tortillas chips .
this is a family business and the food is the best .
great mexican restaurant down the street from our hotel .
the staff is very friendly .
they even have a treasure chest kids can pick a toy from after dinner !
my family and i absolutely love this place !
absolutely awesome restaurant .
the chips , salsa and guacamole are all incredible .
absolutely love them !
the burritos are good , servings are huge .
really nice servers .
i 've never had the brunch but it looks good on the menu .
the food was good .
the chips and salsa were fantastic .
the service was great .
i will definitely be back when i can enjoy the patio bar .
wow - what a nice surprise !
i 'm guessing that 's to accomodate live bands .
he 's awesome !
waiters and waitresses are cool and friendly .
food is good .
service is good .
everyone that worked here was friendly and provides good service .
this place is worth a visit .
i recommend the healthy shrimp lettuce wraps , so tasty !
best mexican food in a very long time .
just the right amount of spicy !
our server was andy and he was great .
he was very attentive .
made a great meal even better .
food was great !
beautiful day !
amazing venue for our wedding !
michelle who does their events was absolutely wonderful !
their staff take pride in what they do and made our day perfect !
best tortilla chips i 've ever had .
they are the perfect mixture of crunchy , soft , and flavorful .
the employees are always friendly and attentive .
the place is beautiful and has a little pond with ducks in it .
the best mexican food around .
even the table salsa is top notch .
great time here .
will return again .
over the top service , ambiance and food !
family-owned and operated again , thank goodness !
best salsa in town .
great food , great atmosphere .
what a fantastic place !
very authentic and delicious !
very family friendly !
great service , good food .
we recommend this restaurant based on great service , good food and great hospitality .
all good !
pretty good dinner .
quick delicious flavorful food .
i ordered the tostada with a couple sides .
i loved it !
great chips and salsa .
excellent margaritas .
next time we will eat on their patio .
the shrimp tacos were amazingly fresh packed with lots of flavor !
the trouble in paradise was delicious as well !
overall good experience !
have been here for dinner many times and love the food .
the rice is so different and good !
good banter , lots of laughs and historic surroundings .
the food here was not incredibly authentic , but was very good .
the food is good too .
i personally like a lot more spice .
but it was good and came out really fast .
reasonable price and friendly staff .
since a picture is worth a thousand words , i took some .
very friendly owner and staff .
i highly recommend this place is you are looking for treasures !
i love shopping at everything goes !
very fun little vintage shop .
there are quite a few vendors who bring in a wide range of merchandise .
it 's always fun to stop in and see what treasures i can find .
very affordable !
staff is always friendly and helpful .
i highly recommend them !
favorite spot so far !
great selection , most vendors have excellent prices .
lots of fun shops in this little strip mall .
love this place and always find something to bring home .
love the selection and the prices too .
then i thought to look it up on yelp and this place came up .
it 's a very cute store on cave creek road .
great stuff .
will definitely go back again .
what a wonderful shop !
so many cute and well priced items !
i will definitely be going back to find more treasures !
_num_ bond status !
the staff here is extremely knowledgeable and helpful .
having a picture session with kay is a fun relaxing experience .
the final product is top notch !
photography and i 'm happy to say that she far exceeded my expectations .
she is very friendly and easy to work with .
kay 's photos are the best i 've ever seen .
she really knows how to make you feel comfortable about the process .
i have to say kay actually makes taking photos fun !
we met with karen and discussed our preferences .
overall , i had a good experience working with karen .
karen was super easy to work and very affordable .
karen was creative and responsive to my requests .
score one for style and my budget .
we worked with the owner karen , for our wedding last weekend .
karen tyler at tyler 's custom designs is a gem !
she is creative , helpful and very responsive .
tyler custom designs was amazing !
my wedding turned out so beautiful .
you and your pet will love virginia !
she has been incredible .
we love that she comes to you .
she is very caring and all our pets have loved her .
i would definitely recommend her to everyone .
my brother found a car online that he really wanted to check out .
it was a great day to buy a car !
highly recommend this place !
my car is an awesome , strong , and very reliable machine .
surely i 'll recommend them to my friends and family .
thanks guys .
i think they are fair and honest .
i have always been happy with the work .
fair , honest , and practical .
it 's worth the trip .
i highly recommend this shop and the staff .
thank you for all the help and great work .
but so far i am impressed .
if i need another repair in arizona , i will definitely go there again .
my engine is running perfectly after my last visit .
by that i mean : competent , honest , reliable , and respectful .
the entire environment is spotless !
amazing service .
i will be using ray for all of my bmw service !
thanks ray !
jeff , the head mechanic , is a genius .
work has always been done correctly and timely .
they did a great job and were honest .
will continue to use them !
bmw makes great cars and ray know how to care for them !
this place is amazing !
quality work , fair price and they finished it very quickly .
highly recommended !
outstanding service !
honest , competent and great price .
the studio is gorgeous , clean , comfortable and peaceful .
your guys and gals do a terrific job .
this location is nice in the early mornings to get in and out .
very friendly .
great food .
i love this location .
everyone is really nice .
and the speed of the service is amazing .
as far as fast food , this place won all the stars .
it looks pretty new an neat , i kind of liked the decor .
i thought that was really nice .
fast , easy , good parking , friendly service .
for fast food , list location is pretty nice .
my son would give it five stars because he loves their happy meals .
overall i 'm a fan !
as good as fast food can get !
she was very helpful - thank you !
the food was freshly prepared .
i was happy with the cleanliness .
monica , the counter person was exceedingly helpful .
leslie 's pools have been great to me .
i 've become `` norm '' every time i go into there !
phil ( the manager ) has been great !
what a wonderful place !
the workers are so helpful !
keep it up !
i am very impressed with this location .
jason installed it , i tested it and it works perfectly .
that 's the way to make certain you have a loyal customer for life .
thank you .
this location is great !
everytime i had an issue with my water quality they helped me solve it .
i am very great full he has a passion for passing on this knowledge .
thank you scott for all your patience and help with me .
i recommend them to all of my clients because of this .
karen at this office is fantastic .
karen is fantastic !
mike has been here a long time and he is very helpful and friendly .
efficient , friendly , helpful guys .
great to deal with at a stressful time .
i love this location .
they know the science of getting the best out of the bean .
in my opinion , the owner , is an artist in coffee roasting .
this place is actually really cool .
this stuff is flavorful yet smooth .
excellent house roast , roasted on premises , good people behind the counter .
i enjoy the croissants , flaky and light ( like me !
there are so many great things about grinders !
i got a vanilla latte and wow ... this is not starbucks .
loved it !
you should check it out .
i just love this neighborhood gem .
there 's a nice comfy vibe and the staff is welcoming and accomodating .
it was fantastic !
the staff is very friendly and they bring your drinks out to you .
insanely good selection & product .
great place !
the crowd is always friendly , and the service is stellar .
man , i 'm loving this place .
i 've loved every second i 've been in there .
the coffee is awesome , the staff is even better .
grinder 's wins in my book .
but the coffee was so damn good i 'd forgive them anything .
i really liked this place .
the staff was great .
very friendly .
love quirky little places like this .
i love this place .
it makes me happy .
definitely recommend if you find yourself in the area .
got a small mocha and a brownie , both were great .
i love this place !
i was there today and the service was awesome .
the coffee was terrific .
it was a great place to hang out and get some work done !
coffee and service is great .
love their service , always friendly .
very cool coffee shop !
features local art , and is a very cozy place to go .
coffee is completely delicious !
staff is friendly and pretty knowledgeable .
a very enjoyable experience .
awesome staff and every drink i have ever ordered is spot on and delicious !
awesome coffee for really good prices !
the atmosphere is nice and trendy .
this is the best flaky pastry i 've had in phoenix .
smooth coffee and friendly service .
this is my second time at grinders and i really enjoy this place !
will be coming back again and again !
i love supporting local businesses .
grinders has great coffee and amazing people working there .
the crew at grinders is very friendly .
absolutely amazing coffee !
i love that they roast their own beans .
i got an iced mocha and it was super smooth .
loved the experience , would have given _num_ stars for friendlier staff .
stay away !
the best coffee is freshly roasted and ground .
great little coffee shop .
highly recommended .
this is an excellent coffee house .
they sell a river of beverages and offer a variety of sandwiches .
artsy indoor setting , phenomenal outdoor seating in late march .
i 'm excited to make this spot one of my new regular places !
very tasty .
perfect balance of coffee and white chocolate .
great place ... .
great place i found by accident after moving into the area !
coffee is tasty !
food is yummy and the live music they had thursday evening was a treat !
the coffee is great and the refills ate free !
a good place to hang out !
it is truly a hidden gem !
the woman working the register was very sweet and knowledgable about the coffee beans .
always friendly .
grinders was perfect .
it has a large , diverse menu with different coffee flavors and specialties .
great local , independent coffee shop .
coffee is great and most important , their customer service .
it smells like warm coffee like a smooth warm blanket of ecstatic joy .
will highly recommend this place to all who live around here .
cute little coffee shop .
good taste , not too sweet , just right .
overall , the experience was good .
the barista was nice .
give it a try !
i 'm happy that the very best place in town is near my house .
excellent coffee and friendly service .
would definitely recommend to all who come across it !
she 's an absolute wonder compared to everyone else .
he helped us make choices about the pregnancy and how we wished to deliver .
fair prices , clean facility , nice staff .
they did a great job !
everyone was very friendly & i got a great deal .
it was very relaxing !
i walked in without an appointment and they sat me down right right away .
nice atmosphere and always the same nice staff .
really tasty , and a good variety on the menu .
food is served quickly and the place is always very clean .
love the crab cakes and spring rolls !
i was pleasantly surprised .
it was all really good and reasonably priced !
loved the green beans !
love the online ordering for take out and eating there us pleasant too .
love the spicy chicken salad and the iced tea is amazing .
the manager knows us because we come in alot and always treats us right .
and the food is spot on every time !
love this pei wei !
next fave is the steak mongolian beef with brown rice , yummy !
they do smile and serve with gusto - four stars for that !
the dining area view of the street is cool .
love this place !
the mongolian beef is spectacular and im very happy with the quality !
the portions are perfect and the staff is always friendly .
delicious !
i will recommend this place to anyone .
they usually have the cheapest gas prices around me and great customer service !
great price .
they are always clean , stocked , and fast .
the people are friendly and efficient .
i had super fast checkout at the register !
they actually say hello to you and are polite and helpful .
mexican produce at this store is top notch !
a+ ... woohoo .
great pepper selection .
very reasonable prices .
we get kale from here all the time and it is superb .
i brought my treasure home and immediately tried it .
i now have a new addiction !
the drinks are priced good and they have some nice breakfast specials too .
the pizza is really good as well .
let me just say : remarkably good pizza for a divey sports bar !
our server was really nice and the prices are great !
they 're a fun bunch , too !
the owner is an east coast and asu guy and is a riot .
they have pizza and wing specials - good prices and yummy food !
awesome find !
but the food was good too .
they were delicious .
love the pizza !
awesome service !
perfect sports bar .
amazing service !
will definitely be making this a regular spot .
wonderful deep fried mushrooms .
nothing memorable here !
it has a much more local feel to it .
that is pretty neat .
open for breakfast , lunch , dinner , and late night fun .
love this place !
everyone is very welcoming .
their food is also amazing !
love this place !
beer is cold food is decent !
big daddy is one of the nicest guys you will meet at the bar .
bartenders are always friendly .
great little neighborhood bar !
i love it !
the french dip sandwich was pretty darn good , surprisingly satisfied .
he did a beautiful job and was very , very patient with me .
i wholeheartedly recommend their office .
nice man , great dentist !
that holds for all in his office staff .
this is a great animal hospital with a friendly caring staff .
they were so good with her .
i felt very comfortable with them taking care of what ever the problem was .
i received follow up calls which was great .
i recommend these guys for sure .
i would highly recommend this animal hospital .
we were very impressed by how sweet everyone was .
we will definitely continue using them for our new doggie 's care .
very impressed with the professionalism of dr. walker and his staff .
on top of that , the bill was incredibly reasonable .
i was impressed from the beginning with how professional each staff member is .
first time taking charlie here for her last shot after we adopted her .
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful as well .
i have been very happy with dr walker .
his assistants and staff are very friendly and caring .
tech heather and dr walker were really fantastic -- super personable and knowledgeable .
thank you , guys !
the staff are friendly and helpful .
the vet techs and vets are extremely thorough and friendly as well .
the facility is extremely clean .
there are two resident cats that also live at vca mountain view as well .
it was my first time going to a vca and i was pleasantly surprised .
the clinic also looked very clean .
woot woot !
great and caring staff !
dr walker is awesome !
great service and very caring vet .
the front staff were really helpful and very friendly .
the vet tech was wonderful and very kind .
the vet i saw was informative and excellent at his job .
i enjoyed the overall feel of the hospital , very welcoming .
i look forward to going back again !
someone recommended this place .
oh , and the doctors are really nice !
this is my pediatrician and i absolutely love them !
i feel _num_ % confident about recommending them .
so thrilled with the work done on my vw .
well done , guys !
i 'd definitely use them again !
i took my car to usa collision with high hopes and they definitely delivered !
the staff was very honest with me about the repairs .
my car looks brand new , just like the day i got it !
he 's very accommodating , straight forward and honest and does great work .
everyone was friendly and very professional .
fantastic work and tremendous results on a difficult paint job .
fast work , fair prices and great communication .
price was more than reasonable .
great body shop .
will definitely use his services again .
i got set up with a rental car right away with their help .
that made me feel much better .
the parts were great !
but other than that , it was a great experience !
excellent customer service , great friendly people & i will use them again !
also , they detailed the car , and looks brand new !
very rare to find in the car industry !
thank you !
this is a great thrift shop .
its a decent sized thrift store .
this place is fun .
it is fun just browsing .
i found _num_ great cd 's for a buck each .
i even found a cool pair of reading glasses .
great local thrift shop .
the staff is very friendly ad helpful .
cool funky stuff for a small chunk of change .
clean shop , great service .
james always lets me know what 's going on with my car .
this guy takes pride into his work , and it definitely shows .
i loved this place .
i was looking for an honest mechanic , and i found one here !
bobby d 's .
except that i love you !
great neighborhood food and bar !
bobby d 's is a really great local spot .
the prices are so reasonable .
during happy hour from _num_ to _num_ you can eat for under _num_ bucks .
awesome jukebox .
get the wings hot and grilled and you will be in love .
the sliders are another favorite .
this is always consistently good .
perfect neighborhood bar .
great prices , and friendly bartenders .
love this place !
i ordered my wings grilled and they tasted great .
the place is a bit small but has a nice charm .
the staff are friendly and happy to serve .
tvs everywhere !
the staff is awesome , great people .
much better food than the more hyped different point of view .
they have a killer brunch with an incredible selection .
loved it .
huge over the top wood work , beautiful .
sat at the bar service was amazing .
generous portion served .
overall the food experience was very good .
the chicken street tacos are also very good .
pricey for breakfast , but overall still a surprisingly good restaurant for a hotel .
great service and totally stuffed to the point where we could barely move afterwards .
we decided to walk to the restaurant and it was worth the time .
we had the brunch and it was very good .
the fruit and food selections were fresh and tasty !
i live in the area and will be back for this brunch !
service was very good as well and the restaurant looked very clean to me .
we had a great time with no complaints .
the service was impeccable !
the food was excellent !
everything tasted great !
we are definitely coming back !
this place was great !
rick is the best bartender in az !
food is delicious and the restaurant has great ambience .
we came here for their easter buffet and it was delicious .
came in with a group of ten and the service was very good .
it was delicious !
this includes fresh fruits .
they also include made to order omlet .
outstanding !
food abc service great !
best place in town !
seriously good and accommodating !
pasta chef , omelet station , just a great all around setup .
the restaurant is nice and relaxing as well .
there is always great service .
the dinners and breakfasts are top notch .
food is good , service was not .
the apple pie dessert is also spectacular .
the meat was great and cooked perfectly .
very romantic .
continental cuisine .
what a great decision !
amazing view and good food equals a win win .
attended a private dinner here which was about as perfect as they come .
the drive up was incredible and the view was just amazing .
i ca n't even begin to describe how beautiful this experience was .
ps the bar a level lower is also great .
great !
beautiful setting with a great view and great atmosphere .
the filet mignon is fantastic !
a tad on the high end but what a view !
food was wonderful and the staff was friendly .
my first time at this restaurant for our 9th anniversary .
best experience overall during our mini vacation in phoenix .
fantastic .
restaurant itself was very nice .
view was very good next to the windows .
the ribeye was only average but the chicken was very good .
creme brulee and the chocolate espresso desserts were excellent .
romantic atmosphere , good food !
host started the evening off rocky but rest of staff was excellent .
overall good atmosphere !
this place is great !
the food is very unique and delicious .
this place is truly a phoenix gem .
i became a member of open table and they kept recommending it .
happy valentine 's day !
wonderful food , wine , service and view .
but the restaurant space looked very modern and warm .
gorgeous !
we had the most delicious meal on saturday night .
it was a delicious _num_ course meal .
the food , the ambiance , the service , it was all amazing .
the view outside is also gorgeous .
great food .
best view of phx in town .
the specials are sooo good and really big !
it 's worth every penny .
stunning setting , perhaps the most amazing outdoor setting i 've experienced .
nice hearty martini !
this place makes you feel like everyday is a honeymoon .
if you are looking for a place to impress anyone this is it .
great job hilton .
amazing view and atmosphere and the lobster bisque was out of this world .
so rich and creamy .
the salad with the strawberries was very fresh and flavorful .
i would highly recommend !
the food was amazing , and the view was spectacular .
the food and drinks were excellent .
this is my favorite place to dine out in the greater phoenix area .
the most amazing experience !
he was a step ahead , and every recommendation blew our expectations away .
wow !
the views from this restaurant are amazing .
i 'd love to give this place more than _num_ stars !
everything was amazing and it 's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in dc !
it is the service , and attention paid to guests !
this is one of the true bright spots .
had a great meal and a great time here .
wait staff was excellent and the view was wonderful .
unbelievable , food , service , and ... .
luis was our waiter , and a true professional he was .
was very happy with our visit to this restaurant .
view was nice , service was perfect , and the meal was divine .
wow !
our meals were fantastic .
overall , a wonderful evening with my love and an excellent dining experience .
one of the best views ever .
the scallops were amazing .
the service and food were very good .
definitely worth it when you factor in the views and atmosphere .
excellent view and food .
the view is where its at but the food is also excellent .
the salads were also great .
you are definitely paying for the view and service here .
i really love their clam appetizer though , the clams are huge !
the service was attentive and very friendly .
this was a special evening which was enhanced by a perfectly , delicious meal .
not only was the food amazing , the views were wonderful !
lobster bisque was delicious .
the service was first class and prompt .
good place for a romantic date with your girl .
wow !
what a lovely evening !
breathtaking views of the valley coupled with innovative cuisine beautifully prepared and presented .
went with the recommendation of the waiter and ordered the pork belly appetizer .
great wine selection !
such a romantic evening !
we come back every year to celebrate our wedding anniversary .
the view is incredible and the food and service are just as good .
service was excellent and people friendly .
i had my first experience here last friday night .
the service and food was excellent .
i am a fan and i will go again !
top shelf wine , food , and service !
so romantic .
we had the tasting menu and i highly recommend it .
great food ... great view .
very apt for special occasions .
my hubby took me there for my birthday and made it very special .
this was a treat a fiesta in my mouth with delicious .
`` all shit was good '' it was good from start to end .
the food and service were excellent .
the view and atmosphere are incredible .
a must see if you are in the area .
had the lobster ravioli dish it was amazing .
the view on it 's own is exceptional .
perfect spot for a romantic night .
this place is truly amazing all around !
the lobster was so tender and flavorful along with the filet mignon .
thank you !
what a pleasure to dine in this establishment .
it is expensive , but worth it !
superb lobster bisque , scallops to die for and a very tasty halibut .
i absolutely love this restaurant !
and the food was absolutely delicious !
definitely recommend for a special occasion or just an unforgettable dinner !
the best view in the valley !
the staff is always on point and ready to please .
great food , great service , great experience .
it gives you a breathtaking view of the city .
beautifully decorated patio area , with gorgeous flowers , nice breeze and excellent service .
the food is perfect .
it 's soooo nice !
impressive views from our table and a polite and professional staff .
prices are on the higher side but the overall experience is worth it .
this restaurant delivers on taste , presentation and the view .
my wife and i came here to celebrate our wedding anniversary .
we enjoyed their gourmet duck dish and a fabulous creme brle for dessert .
service was impeccable !
as expected , the food was fantastic !
we enjoyed everything that we had .
i highly recommend this restaurant to anyone , especially those from out of town .
it is worth the trip !
this is a great place to dine and enjoy exceptional views .
romantic atmosphere with a gorgeous view .
i highly recommend the chef menu with the wine pairing .
the wait staff are top notch and enjoy discussing each course and wine pairing .
if you truly enjoy fine dining you will love this restaurant !
beautiful location and the city lights make it enjoyable .
the food was very well prepared and delicious .
i came with my wife for an anniversary dinner .
the service was truly exceptional !
overall , great experience and we 'll definitely come again .
great place to dine and killer view .
overall , great experience and we will come again .
i requested a table with a great view , and we received it .
the food was visually stunning and quite tasty .
the food was amazing , service was impeccable and the view was just breathtaking .
great place to dine !
we decided to do that but wanted to share an appetizer before .
the views were amazing .
so hard to pick knowing that the view is gorgeous .
had a great time .
the view was fantastic .
top notch !
the views were amazing .
so hard to pick knowing that the view is gorgeous .
and the food ... oh my , melt in my mouth amazing .
needless to say we know good food .
this restaurant was impeccable .
also a great place to just go have drinks at .
the views are breathtaking .
view was amazing .
food was fun , fresh , beautiful to look at , and delicious .
two house of dining enjoyment .
great for romantic dinners , business dinners , and small parties .
turned out to be a great choice .
we had a table with a great view of the valley .
the food was superb .
best prime rib at a buffet i 've ever had .
great shrimp and snow crab claws .
service was excellent .
service incredible .
love that kind of service .
awesome , delicious , yummy ... !
excellent service ... !
worthy place to enjoy your anniversary .
scenic view of the phoenix city ... !
one of the best dinning experiences of my life .
needless to say , the views are spectacular and the food was amazing .
it was just an amazing experience and i know we 'll be going back .
what a great restaurant !
the food was great , the view was magnificent .
what more can you say , they lived up to their reputation !
i would definitely return again for special occasions .
wow.
one of the best dining experiences i ever had .
the service is timely and professional .
beautiful views and excellent food , along with great service !
really loved the lobster bisque .
the food was absolutely amazing and the service was impeccable .
he was one of the best servers we have ever had .
the risotto is absolutely amazing !
beautiful view , amazing service from lenny and delectable food .
i would recommend this restaurant to anyone .
we went for drinks what a fun a beautiful atmosphere .
we very much enjoyed the ambiance it was very special .
this spot deff has the right name .
and deff the view is just breathtaking .
and the view was amazing .
absolutely breath taking views with amazing food !
we ordered the bass and pork tenderloin and both were amazing .
i will definitely be back and would definitely recommend this restaurant !
dinner and service was amazing !
every thing was delicious !
and the view was so beautiful .
my boyfriend and i had a lovely time .
_num_ stars - however ... .
the view was great !
the view was excellent though .
a great place to be around sunset .
best view in the city .
the food is good .
ambience is nice , especially at sunset with that amazing view !
food was delicious .
view was amazing .
our server luis was very helpful and entertaining .
we will definitely be back for future special occasions .
excellent , excellent staff .
and the foods were delicious !
that 's a pretty good deal .
the presentation was beautiful as well .
simply amazing .
breathtaking views .
excellent service .
the food was incredible and best of all the now fianc said yes .
four stars or four diamonds either way this place is amazing .
we had the best service the best food .
great pairing of wines .
took my girlfriend there for her birthday and she totally loved it .
amazing view you can see whole city specially if your there at night .
food was small portions but delicious !
the view is amazing .
nice place to go on a date .
amazing view and the food was truly delicious .
that said , the view was incredible and again , the food was amazing .
great experience overall .
the chef 's tasting menu option is the best !
overall one of the best dining experiences in the valley .
the entire evening was enjoyable .
what a great dining experience .
my wife and i celebrated our anniversary here recently and will return .
we both enjoyed our meals , appetizers , beverages , and dessert .
my wife enjoyed the scallops , delicious .
came with my hubby to celebrate our wedding anniversary , and was not disappointed .
service and food was amazing !
and the beautiful view of phoenix at night was incredible .
definitely coming back .
would love to thank our waiter luis for an amazing service .
he went over and beyond to make this celebration memorable .
thank you luis , you 're awesome !
and the service was excellent .
very romantic and elegant place .
enjoyed a _num_ course meal on new years eve .
we will definitely be coming back here !
we went at night and had a great table w/ a view .
the service was incredible as well .
we added a few cocktails to top it all off .
i would definitely recommend dining here .
followed by our delectable entrees !
simply , absolutely amazing .
the delicious food was plated so perfectly .
most important they had my favorite dish ... pork belly !
melt-in-your-mouth perfection .
short ribs were best i 've ever had !
not to mention the view is spectacular .
this was the best restaurant i 've ever had the opportunity to try !
highly recommended .
anyways with that being said the food and service was great .
the views are to die for and was definitely a memorable experience .
i 'd defiantly go back to enjoy drinks , apps and the view !
my wife and family planned a surprise dinner for my birthday .
the setting , service and the food were superb .
what a great find !
the texture ... .
i have traveled the world several times and have dined at many fine restaurants .
came here a while ago for a birthday dinner with friends .
this place is fancy , upper class .
it is little expensive but it 's worth it on special occasions .
great place to celebrate .
a great value for the price .
a great experience .
this restaurant is elegant and lovely .
the staff is friendly and professional , and the food is amazing .
i took my parents here on our vacation and they were extremely impressed .
the steak was perfectly cooked and the risotto makes for a perfect appetizer .
great views , atmosphere , service ... .
thank you for another amazing evening .
this is a really great spot to bring a date .
the menu is small but very well curated .
i had the pork belly appetizer and the steak .
the quiche accompaniment was a great pairing .
fantastic view of downtown .
great service .
highly recommend .
had a lovely evening for my wife 's birthday .
maybe the best oysters i have ever had .
everything was excellent , but those oysters ... .
the view was also breath taking .
it was a perfect evening to celebrate the beauty of our relationship .
beautiful view , try going at sunset .
excellent meal with lovely views .
duck confit with risotto was delightfully crispy and flavorful .
my husband enjoyed a perfectly cooked fillet .
wonderful place for a special occasion .
highly recommended .
highly recommend !
this place was amazing .
view spectacular and the food and service top notch .
fortunately the service significantly approved after this .
the food itself was very good - no complaints there .
overall a really great experience that comes with a spectacular view .
great food , service and views .
this is our favorite `` high-end '' restaurant in the valley .
great venue for a romantic sunset dinner .
great menu and service .
catered to a special menu request above and beyond .
absolutely the very best place in the valley to eat !
the service and food were excellent .
seriously , one of the top dates of all time .
overall , decent place .
excellent views .
good service .
perfect location for drinks , conversation and awesome view !
this is by far my favorite restaurant in phoenix .
the service was excellent and the food was absolutely magnificent .
on top of that , how can you not love the view !
great guys at the pro shop !
love this course .
super nice guy and made the round that much more enjoyable .
played this course for the first time yesterday and i loved it .
it was a fun and challenging course .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
loved that !
one of my favorite courses in the phoenix area .
staff is always great .
troon has done a good job managing this property .
beautiful course .
fun & challenging .
ok price .
friendly staff .
great course condition .
just an enjoyable and memorable experience from start to finish .
great location some fantastic elevated tees .
great clubhouse for drinks after .
the course was worth the money .
i managed to find every single one .
this is one of my favorite courses .
greens and fairways are in great shape .
the food at the halfway house is excellent .
their are some outstanding views on the course .
best deal in town .
highly recommend .
solid divey neighborhood bar - i like this place .
that 's worth a bunch of extra points for sure .
dive bar heaven .
good service .
great service !
friendly , professional and best of all ... affordable !
simple & easy = my favorite thing .
these guys ( and gals ) are terrific .
nice folks .
service : great !
a friend recommended them to me and i was very pleased .
i like building a relationship with a quality company and will definitely come back .
the delivery was prompt and the driver very nice .
my most recent experience was outstanding .
i highly recommend this to anyone who 's looking for used or new appliances .
great experience !
right product , right price , fast delivery and great service .
will buy again , thank you .
amazing quality and service .
the employees are very helpful and knowledgable .
easy to work with and prompt .
good business to business owner .
walked in , got great customer service , delivered timely .
i would recommend them to anyone !
outstanding service .
they will have our business for years to come .
we were looking for a local business with heart and we found it !
excellent service , could n't be happier !
a smooth and pleasant experience overall , from beginning to end .
even better !
i found their pricing competitive to the big box stores .
i will definitely buy from them again in the future .
this place is the way to go !
our guy was honest and super helpful .
to my fellow yelpers in phx , take advantage of this wonderful little salon .
they are proud of the work that they do and it shows .
i stopped in for a pedicure & was very pleased with the experience .
they are pretty busy though , which is actually a good thing .
i will move my rating up depending on how the pedicure lasts !
everything was fantastic !
don was very professional and highly skilled at his `` art '' .
plus loved his entire attitude and friendly demeanor !
anything said to the contrary is surprising to me .
i love the friendly staff and quality service you get at wendy 's !
wendy 's nails is simply the best !
i always ask for jason and he does an amazing job !
i 've been going here for over _num_ years and i love it !
great service , reasonable prices and it 's super clean !
this is my favorite nail salon !
clean , quick and perfect nails every time .
i love them all , no favorite technician because they are all excellent !
very very clean and very well run .
wendy and her team are real professionals !
they always do a great job .
the place is always clean .
i 'd recommend them to anyone and i have .
dr. patti is a miracle worker !
the massage therapists are also excellent .
the receptionist is always lovely to interact with as well .
they provide very strong and precise technique .
as good as it gets .
i see dr. frank , he is awesome .
the entire staff is outstanding !
and i 'm always pleasantly surprised .
i 'm with you jake !
she does a fabulous cut and she 's a master at perfect color .
everyone 's really nice and friendly .
they always have snacks and tea or coffee for the clients .
great spa services from facial and manicures to full massages and waxing too .
good chair conversation and awesome skills .
thanks to yelp .
the salon has a really great atmosphere .
best highlights ever , and great cuts from short to long and back again .
highly recommended !
the stylists that work there are experienced and know their stuff .
the place is always clean , it smells good , and is well lit .
it is really a nice looking salon .
julie is amazing young and gets the concept of good hair .
definitely a place & stylist i will be staying loyal to !
loved my cut and color .
definitely a solid place .
salon surreal is amazing .
they offer a trendy environment with courteous staff and incredibly talented stylists .
salon surreal is such a relief from the normal scottsdale salon .
ann gentle is excellent !
she listens , is creative and just genuinely a good person to be around !
she always gives me a great haircut and color job .
i highly recommend scheduling an appointment with her asap !
she always wants to make sure i am happy .
it shows .
he is a great guy and a better stylist .
ann gentle and heidi h. are also great .
i love salon surreal !
both experiences were pleasant .
the salon has great hours and is very accomodating .
she was wonderful and friendly and made my hair look awesome !
i was there again this morning and had another great experience with megan .
i was pleasantly surprised however after visiting salon surreal and actually liking the experience .
painless , professional and comfortable .
everyone was super friendly and unpretentious .
she was very friendly and skilled .
she made me very comfortable during our session .
i would highly recommend her to family and friends !
wonderful salon and service .
lisa has done my makeup a few times and i 've been very pleased .
bree is amazing !
loved her !
elegant and excellent service and salon .
i really love this studio .
decorated modern & clean .
great vibe .
i see allison hyatt and she does an amazing job !
but i thought might as well have a professional do it .
i love the lighter color she used because it 's more natural .
i loved it !
the haircut and the service are well worth the price !
went here with a destination wedding bridal party of _num_ for hair and makeup .
i would recommend heather to anyone .
thank you so much !
i had such a great experience !
maria ( i think that was her name ) did a great job !
the whole experience was fantastic .
the place was nice and clean and had a welcoming atmosphere .
love this place !
the salon carries tons of great products and offers spa services as well .
i get a haircut every three weeks and it always turns out perfectly .
this place is awesome !
now that 's a great stylist !
she does a great job on color and cut .
i would definitely recommend her to anyone i know that is looking !
my first men 's haircut from ty was fantastic .
best haircut in ages , thanks .
without a doubt the best experience i 've had with a stylist .
i highly recommend her !
she does an amazing color job !
she was so great !
this place is awesome !
i went here to treat myself to a facial .
the salon itself is very nice and modern .
my esthetician was alexis , she made my whole experience wonderful .
she had a delightful personality and treated me with care .
the next time i go back i will surely be requesting her !
you can believe in any higher power and be cool here .
wishing you all the best on your own journey !
this place is amazing .
they welcome every human being .
these people open their hearts and welcome everyone .
they teach love !
this is what i see here .
such a wonderful place .
great people that care and very open environment .
if your looking for a spiritual home this is it .
there are honest mechanics .
this place is really great .
this is a great shop !
they are honest , thorough and also timely .
best funeral services has helped my family twice now .
julia handled everything for me and my family .
she and the staff are the reason why they are named best funeral home .
its rare when i get amazing customer service .
thank you so much .
i cant even thank you enough .
what an incredible place .
its also a great first date spot !
always can fit me into their schedule , no matter how busy they are !
great work and great prices !
chill is the best and has a great bunch of guys working with him !
thank you guys !
they are knowledgeable , reasonably-priced , and absolutely honest !
to me , an honest auto mechanic is worth their weight in gold !
this place is a class act all the way !
the staff and doctors were so nice and helpful .
his room was huge , very clean and newly remodeled .
thank you to the doctors and nurses that took care of him !
both times we were helped very quickly and had a good experience .
the nurses were top notch and had a good bedside manner .
work here and love it .
thank you john c lincoln hospital !
dr anderson is the best .
he 's so kind and helpful .
dr anderson was so understanding and compassionate .
love the valet parking and the staff is always so polite .
would _num_ % recommend this hospital .
also a nice drop off area too !
the office i needed was right there easy to find .
very pleasant experience .
thank you to all involved .
from the moment they called me , the staff and drs have been wonderful .
they have been taking terrific care of him and me .
their customer service is exemplary .
their attentive staff goes above and beyond to help your dreams become a reality .
best establishment in the valley !
nice quality and selection of cars .
the prices are fair and well below any lot around .
may be small , but excellent excellent excellent place .
i highly recommend this company to anyone !
great discount cleaners with excellent quality .
same day service available , drop off and pick up location .
definitely give it a try .
best dentist in town , end of story .
the office staff is super friendly and personable .
the office is spotless and modern .
he 's the best dentist in town .
i would be happy to use them again !
no nonsense , no drama - just got the job done .
the torta de asada is my favorite .
sure the place is n't nearly as fancy , but the food is excellent .
i love this place .
food - phenomenal !
the horchata was great - light on the sugar - with plenty of taste .
damned good tortas , quesadillas , and tacos .
highly recommended !
i found this place just by driving to my new job and feeling adventurous !
the green sauce is very spicy and i love it !
the seasoning is amazing !
it could get a bit crowded in there but its well worth it !
this place is fantastic !
absolutely delicious !
everything was very good .
it is n't fancy but the food is excellent and the people are friendly .
he loves it .
the absolute best !
the food is fantastic , the staff is helpful and the atmosphere is comfortable .
the cheese is amazing !
i highly recommend el bravo .
omg , their cheese and onion enchiladas are superb !
i 'll wait for my beloved el bravo !
great food .
this very good and inexpensive mexican food .
excellent , fast , inexpensive .
i love this place !
consistently delicious .
do n't be fooled by the outside , this place is a gem .
it 's cheap , clean and service is good .
shredded beef or chicken tacos are great , as are the burritos and enchiladas .
the reasonable prices and fantastic food keep us coming back time after time .
chile relleno is really good .
the best mexican food in az !
your kind service , large menu , and cozy restaurant will keep us coming !
great friendly service .
if they cooked dirt i 'd eat it this place is amazing !
i was really impressed with our visit .
she even suggested their veggie tamale that was really good .
great place for mexican food - yummy food , friendly service and cheap prices !
this place is great .
keep it up el bravo !
love this place .
eat here twice a month at least .
very consistent in quality .
i love the pico type salsa with warm chips nice touch !
i always get the stacked enchiladas with extra onions & lettuce .
the enchilada sauce is so creamy smooth .
also love their indian fry bread with beef and green sauce .
the staff is incredibly polite and kind .
solid _num_ star mexican food at very reasonable prices .
the green sauce is amazing here .
i love taking people here who want `` mexican '' .
definitely check this joint out .
i love the family owned feel to this place !
great family place !
made even more perfect with a scoop of salsa on top .
i love this place .
their fry bread with red or green chile is simple and amazing .
the restaurant is super clean and service was good .
they still gave us exceptional , friendly service .
definitely one of my favorite places !
small local mexican restaurant with bold flavors .
the staff are always friendly and the restaurant is very clean .
both are delicious and authentic .
this is a local favorite and i will keep coming back .
delicious , affordable mexican food !
quaint restaurant , family owned and operated !
outstanding service !
i wish i lived closer ... but it 's a great departure even so .
excellent salsa .
consistantly great food .
love both salsas , chips are good .
so good .
love the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere .
cute place in phx to eat .
also the vegetarian tamales are great .
this is a small place that is our neighborhood secret !
you can see into the kitchen and watch the cooks working .
very clean and orderly .
been a regular here my whole life .
nothing better than the chicken green corn tamales with sauce !
great place and food , people are great .
the food is the best mexican i have had in a very long time .
the service was excellent and courteous .
i will definitely come here again and again !
quality control is very high .
it 's great every time we go .
food is excellent and truly authentic mexican style .
everything from their salsa and tortillas to entrees is amazing and flavorful .
my family always does birthdays here as it is everyone 's favorite !
i love this place , i have been coming here for _num_ years .
authentic and flavorful !
i always look forward to my bill because it comes with a cinnamon crisp !
we 've had them cater for several events and the food is always delicious .
great family run business .
great tacos , home made tortillas and most everything is fresh .
authentic !
_num_ % !
the entire staff is wonderfully accommodating and nice !
nothing fancy , but such delicious food .
the restaurant is very clean , the service is friendly .
: ) we go back over and over and just love it !
great family place and unreal food !
enjoyed the recommendation and the attentive service .
hit the tamales hard !
everything is homemade and fresh !
service is outstanding !
we bring friends here every month and with rave reviews from all of them !
great food !
very friendly staff , great ambiance , very clean restaurant .
family owned and operated restaurant .
happy i stopped and will be back .
highly recommended !
i love this place .
the chimichangas are the best .
the food is phenomenal and the customer service is great .
great little local place with good food and decent service .
the vibe and the aroma is wonderful as soon as you walk in !
the food is reasonably priced and delicious !
carmen has been here _num_ years , so obviously she 's doing something right !
definitely in my top ten valley wide mexican food options !
anything on the menu is good !
excellent tamales , enchiladas ... .
red or green , it 's all good ... .
excellent food .
the shredded beef was amazing .
i love this place !
the food is always good .
the salsa is fresh and delicious .
tamales are wonderful .
it is locally owned .
the people who work here are always professional .
love el bravo !
so good .
i 'm a fan .
nothing but good experience with city wide so far .
i recommend them .
definitely !
city wide pest control has good service and a great price .
i definitely recommend them .
city wide offers excellent service at a great price !
keep up the good work , city wide !
they are always thorough , prompt & very reasonably priced .
they will always have my business !
well , it turns out i worried about nothing .
very happy with the service !
excellent service .
i 'll be happy to do business with them again !
they were courteous , honest , and did the work in one day .
thanks to robin & brian -- you are the best !
great place !
very friendly and helpful staff .
i recommend this place to everybody !
instant response and inspection .
great news for _num_ miles .
thank you !
andy 's took amazing care of my vehicle .
highly recommend !
we had a great experience here .
i dropped my car off yesterday morning and picked it up after work today .
ron was so helpful and a pleasure to work with .
good job guys and thanks for your help !
very helpful and polite !
thanks for all your help with my battery !
held a battery for me !
top notch service !
give the man a raise !
thanks for the help ivan !
the church is beautiful and peaceful .
check it out !
they always did what they said they were going to do .
the managers tracy and carl are awesome !
they are genuinely great caring individuals .
the staff is always pleasant .
one of the last independent bowling centers left in town .
probably the best bowling in town , too .
great bar !
went with my girlfriend , and loved the atmosphere at this location .
love this place !
she really knows how to be attentive .
the pasta dishes are delicious as are the salads and garlic bread .
everything is very fresh .
also the delivery person is very polite and personable .
nice find !
delicious !
i got it delivered .
i 'd definitely eat here again though .
one of the stars for the fact they brought napkins forks and condiments .
rare nowadays without requesting it .
pretty good pizza the cheese tastes real good .
great service , great pizza .
pizza was delicious , but pricy !
thank you !
i still love this place .
i totally suck , by the way .
i recommend them to all my friends .
great service !
everyone at the counter was absolutely a pleasure to work with .
this is my go-to person for regular maintenance and unexpected repairs .
they figured it out and fixed it .
they always do a great job and charge me a fair price .
i was greeted by paul was friendly & sincerely eager to help .
honest , trustworthy , professional .
i came away with a good experience and a well running car .
thank you so much .
love , love , love this place !
always helpful and very professional .
family owned and quick turn around time with your services .
the people who own this are honest , hard working and very quick .
an excellent local garage .
they are friendly and efficient while treating customers with respect .
their prices are excellent .
everyone i encountered was very friendly and respectful .
i always feel they treat me fair .
paul and rex are ethical , professional , and their staff does great work .
i would recommend them to anyone i know and have .
wow .
what an incredible place .
from the second i reached the front desk , my experience was amazing .
he took the time to talk to me and was extremely kind .
do yourself a favor and take your car here .
wow !
talk about great customer service .
they are honest and reliable .
rex and all the guys are amazing !
makes you feel like you 're in a small town .
very reliable work .
thank you , paul , for taking great care of my family 's cars !
they have extremely fair pricing they fix things right the first time .
i highly recommend them !
what a great place !
great place , and very friendly !
honest people that do excellent work .
very hard to find honest people in this line of work .
highly recommended !
got me in and out fast , inexpensive , and friendly .
inexpensive , fast , good work .
he is nothing but honest and thorough in all he 's done .
highly recommend his company .
fast , friendly , and knowledgeable .
thanks for your work today !
the service and repair price were excellent .
thanks mighty muffler .
this place is a time machine - which is a good thing .
awesome !
fair prices and fast service .
completely happy .
wow !
very fast , very good work , and great prices !
very reasonable and stands by their work !
i will without a doubt keep coming back !
i like this place !
he is the best .
talkative and sweet and he does a really good job .
great job !
the pedi was great and the fill was even better .
i will absolutely be back .
everyone was so friendly and knew each other by names .
obviously a well loved establishment .
i was treated fairly and feel i got the best service possible .
honest service , knowledgeable technicians , timely repairs .
this place is amazing !
the view is spectacular !
surrounded by mountains and the sunset are breathtaking .
the people here are very friendly .
super place !
management and staff are awesome to deal with .
the park is very clean and friendly .
i just bought a home here and i am very impressed .
the deal was perfect and handled very professionally .
highly recommended .
cash register must be from when they opened , very charming .
also they have freshly made cannolis !
i 'm a gourmet chef and so i can be picky about my ingredients .
the sandwiches are wonderful and a bargain price .
awesomely unique items in the store as well .
thee best mild italian sausage out there !
great little spot to grab an authentic italian sandwich !
best italian sandwiches in arizona .
love this authentic italian deli !
great sandwiches and cannolis to die for .
the service is great !
makes you feel like family !
this place is authentic and delicious .
the italian gelato is superb and tastes fresh .
this place is classic .
we also ordered a sandwich .
loved the sicilian olives !
amazing meatball sub .
they are honest and go above and beyond .
omg , the best place to take your mercedes .
i 'm putting sam in my will : - ) i love this guy !
he shared some great hunting tips with me as well .
they are awesome and value customer service .
dreamy .
i 've been here in the past few weeks and still get great service .
they now want advance pay , but still provide very good cleaning services .
that is the best way i can describe this dry cleaner .
and definitely worth a visit .
the staff is knowledgeable and helpful .
they are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear .
they are also a great resource for local maps and information .
i am a huge fan .
chris is the man !
but chris hooked me up !
my feet are feeling great !
this is a great place to shop for your hiking needs .
patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products .
great place .
again , great place .
they moved down to thomas .
very helpful .
very nice .
and they will tell you so if you do n't listen to them !
excellent experience .
very supportive and informative .
they always recommend the best gear for my body type , trip , etc .
yeah !
i just love this place .
some excellent picks , for example .
thank you guys , glad you are still here !
their selection of technical clothing was also impressive .
true specialty shops are a rare find these days .
i intend on supporting these professionals !
these guys are awesome !
super educated on product !
wow !
the best !
the charm is gone , but certainly not the quality supplies !
good retail here .
well stocked hiking store with an interested , knowledgable staff .
i will be back for sure !
i had a great experience getting new rock climbing shoes .
my sales guy was attentive and knowledgable and they have a good selection .
highly recommended .
the service is top notch .
over the moon smart employees who really know their stuff .
places like this make me love and want to support small business .
great place to get gear .
nice owners as well .
really nice people .
i recommend them to all my friends .
the staff is exceptional .
very clean storage facility .
excellent pricing as well .
we had a great experience picking out our two new trees .
so now the side of the house looks as good as the back !
good prices and friendly , knowledgable staff .
really happy with the service and quality .
they are always very friendly and helpful when i ask questions about the plants .
all of them are doing well thanks to their help with watering suggestions .
thank you !
best christmas tree selection and the guys helping are so helpful and nice .
they give a fresh cut and assist to the vehicle .
thanks !
very happy with ease of christmas tree shopping .
a nice fire with seats and blankets .
most employees were friendly and what a beautiful place to go !
great selection , very helpful staff , nice wide aisles with plentiful carts .
highly recommend .
they did a great job - better than i would have done .
the trees they have our beautiful and grow well .
they have a good selection of exotic plants as well .
please keep it this way .
they also have a gift shop and a coke machine .
their staff at the glendale store are all very knowledgable and very professional .
their delivery crew are the very best .
this is a nice local nursery .
the staff is always very helpful and know just where everything is .
the plants and trees are very nice and a good quality .
the flowers are amazing and the plants extremely healthy .
it is just a quick drive down the road for me and worth it .
i strongly recommend them !
overall , cool place and will probably be back .
thanks for being a fantastic neighborhood nursery !
we receive so many compliments about the beautiful plants .
thank you for all your help .
simple the best !
been shopping there for over two years and love the place !
very wide selection choices .
this is big bonus points in my book .
honest people who do honest work .
a great garage with a great owner .
very reasonable price and great customer service .
i appreciated feeling important to george and his guys .
thanks !
today was a great example .
bottom line ... i found an honest mechanic !
totally honest and they treat their customers like family .
george and staff are the best !
honest , straightforward , great workers !
he knows his stuff !
we will definitely use them again .
wow .
this company is fantastic .
the employees are unbelievably neat , clean and professional .
the attention to detail is amazing !
this is also a local & family owned business .
they are very competitive in their rates , excellent in service and trustworthy .
just a great place !
quality veterinary care !
but if you care for your pets like family , you want the best .
jukebox is filled with your classic rock and metal choices .
decent drink prices as i recall .
yeah for dive bars !
the bartender is super relaxed but helpful and can make a mean cocktail .
pleasantly surprised ... .
it 's definitely something you 'd find near the beach .
packed house ... .
definitely a casual dive and fun too !
love it .
the darts are top notch as well .
all the bartenders there are amazing and extremely friendly .
great selection and it actually smells good inside .
great store that goes to an awesome organization .
volunteers who work in the store are friendly and hardworking .
they always have interesting stuff .
i absolutely love this school for my son .
it 's good to have a few drinks and walk back to the hotel .
great fun !
the happy hour drink prices also get me to return .
i like the decor of the bar and it draws a good regular crowd .
that 's pretty nice , makes you feel a bit welcome .
it 's alright place .
a fun and lively pub it was .
great drink specials , the server was awesome , quality atmosphere .
good place to meet up with friends and have a relaxing evening .
it 's a sports bar type of place .
the service has always been good to me here .
food is standard for a bar but pretty good .
best boneless wings ever .
good place to hang out and finish up some work .
love this place .
it 's always comfortable and service is great .
nice place .
good food , beer , service , sports on tv and prices .
great sports bar / restaurant .
very clean .
bartender was great and attentive .
food was delicious and plentiful .
good patio for smoking , with tv 's as well .
clean bathroom , with tv 's as well .
i would recommend to anyone .
fun place , yummy food and a great place to watch football .
i will say that their beer selection is quite good though .
so if you want to get something fix correct the first time take it here.
great place .
they 're honest , fair priced and they do quality work .
definitely recommend them !
great cars for great buys .
known tom for _num_ years and has always given me the best deal possible .
genuine and honest .
thank you for that .
highly recommend them ... our car looks brand new !
i love how my car turned out !
plus everyone there is so nice , friendly and professional .
it 's beautiful !
omg its good .
soooo delicious !
this place is great .
i even brought my parents and they liked it .
it 's close and authentic .
the staff is friendly , the food is consistent .
this is my neighborhood chinese restaurant and a family staple .
we went there twice we thought it was good .
dry scallop , egg white fried rice , it 's exceptional !
good ol ' fashioned chinese food like you are used to .
the service is fast , friendly and attentive .
a solid pick if you are in the mood for chinese .
the service was excellent .
the food was very good .
yes , i remember the chinese food of my childhood .
it was the `` best of the best '' .
super dragon comes close .
the service is great .
prices are very reasonable .
honestly this place is pretty good .
so thank you for that .
really enjoyed dinner !
super dragon is my favorite chinese restaurant .
everything is delicious !
the service is fantastic .
they keep your drinks full and will pack up your leftovers for you .
it 's definitely a fabulous place to get some chinese food .
the place has a great family atmosphere , and the food is delectable .
one word : consistent .
wonderful chinese food for a very fair value .
my favorites salt & pepper shrimp with the shell .
if you are a seafood lover this is a must get .
the sauce is incredible in its flavor and compliments the crispy noodles .
like others have noted , service is very fast and very friendly and consistent .
pricing is a good value .
the staff was friendly and efficient .
staff was friendly and fast .
food is great !
my glass was never empty and food is prepared perfectly everytime .
the sizzling rice soup is what got me hooked .
the employees are very friendly and provide excellent service .
the food is always good , and it comes out fast .
they have a pretty good list for their inexpensive lunch menu .
great food !
every time i came here i always have something unexpected .
the food is nice and hot .
boss lady is super funny and friendly .
sizzling rice soup is the best .
love it !
love this restaurant !
clean , amazing service and great food .
if you like chinese food , this place is a must .
they also give you free hot green tea .
good place overall .
overall quality was a step above the average chinese take out .
this place was excellent .
friendly staff and a really nice environment .
the best in az !
great staff , never a turn around !
they remember you !
all my love , all my referrals !
wonton lady !
had a wonderful dinner and excellent service .
great local place as well .
delicious !
even though they are a little pricey they are well worth it .
the staff is also very sweet !
overall , it 's always been good experience either dine in or out .
great food .
clean and quick .
great prices .
but we loved everything else here .
it a thumbs up .
that speaks volumes about the place .
also order the peking duck in advance to really impress your guests .
great service .
the best i had was the sesame beef .
fabulous food and outstanding service !
i absolutely love super dragon and all of the employees !
he is extremely attentive and very sweet !
i love all the people there and the food is amazing !
very impressive !
we ordered the pan seared wontons and they done very well .
the duck was fantastic .
the meat quality and the cook time are top notch .
this is not a standard delivery chinese food , this place brings quality .
best chinese food ever .
everyone is exceptional , and all items on the menu are delicious .
service is super fast and friendly and the selection is decent .
the food is good and consistent .
always a smile when u walk in super fast service and great food !
consistent excellent food .
great service at a very reasonable price .
the lunch menu is such a great deal .
will keeping coming back to try the entire menu .
they serve great quality food .
great food .
friendly service .
the best chinese in america food we 've found in phoenix .
eat .
be happy .
they have the best house chicken in town !
very clean and very quick customer service .
the service is always prompt and friendly , even if they are busy .
the quality of the food is consistent .
we enjoyed everything we had for dinner .
perfect for the chilly night .
both were delicious .
huge prawns .
service is friendly and portions are generous .
it 's the best quick chinese to go or sit in restaurant for miles .
service is excellent !
great little asian restaurant a jewel for sure !
very clean very friendly and the food is just superb .
always the best here .
love this place , but my wife loves it more .
great authentic food , many options to choose from .
the service is exemplary .
this place never disappoints !
they are very very good !
really good food .
the food was quite good at this buffet .
this place is by far the best in the valley !
nathan and his crew are top notch !
was really good .
i got a calzone from here , it was tasty .
plus the customer service is extremely good .
i quite like their pizza .
incredible sauce , great crust , pleasant owners .
we 've had takeout and delivery , and it 's good pizza !
my favorite now .
these people are so cool and the pizza is just solid as hell .
the wings are really great too .
hard working good folk .
instant classic .
great .
the pizza was pretty good .
pretty good pizza .
which is greatly appreciated .
love this mom and pop !
i have a passion for great pizza .
it 's been my favorite food since i was a kid .
the owners and staff are the most amazingly friendly people i have ever met .
they greet everyone with a warm smile and a wonderful pizza !
the ultimate calzone .
even the marinara to dip in is extra fabulous .
friendly staff , always busy .
i hear the pizza is good too !
great local pizza , and the employees are always friendly !
great pizza and wonderful staff !
i love their house italian dressing for their salads !
real good .
their pizza is consistently delicious and the people who work here are always friendly .
i have n't tried anything but their pizza and it keeps us coming back .
try it , you 'll be hooked .
good pizza , nice people , great rock and roll .
the best pizza i have had in a long time .
pizza is pretty good here and the customer service was amazing .
my kids love their pizza crisp and my wife loves the manicotti .
this place was fantastic .
i took the food back to the hotel room and it was perfect .
i 'd recommend and definitely order from again .
( please send napkins with delivery ) .
did i mention the great fresh garlic ?
literally , the best pizza in the whole phoenix metro area .
the service has always been wonderful and they make a great pizza .
i ordered a medium with bacon and pineapple .
this place makes a good pie for sure .
customer service , great price and an excellent pizza .
this is my favorite pizza joint in az .
truly some of the best ive ever had .
the owner is a really nice lady who made my pizza herself .
i would recommend this to anyone .
we appreciated it .
im telling you amazing .
ca n't remember but , was so nice !
delicious .
awesome experience .
kids loved the pizza , and i had an excellent calzone .
husband enjoyed the meatball sub too .
quick , good bread .
i added bacon .
it was completely and ridiculously delicious .
the chicken was tender , juicy and delicious .
it tasted like it had just come right off the grill !
i absolutely recommend trying the specialty pizzas .
this place is great and a treasure in my local area !
their pizza and subs are great .
totally laid back crew and delicious food .
go !
get some good eats !
this place has great pizza .
very flavorful sauce .
great pizza for the money .
great flavor to the sauce .
great dive pizza joint .
four out of four of us thought it was excellent .
great sauce , great crust , and fresh toppings .
this is exactly what a neighborhood pizza place should be .
the dough is perfect .
the slice and a salad combo is a great value too .
i love the italian subs .
this is my new favorite lunch place .
the hot veggie sandwich is excellent and the dressing has such a savory flavor .
the garlic breadsticks are some of the best i 've had .
super busy pizza & sub shop with great food , everything is good !
the pizza was hand tossed but the crust was perfectly crispy !
the flavors were perfect too .
i also had a _num_ piece of hot wings which were very good !
this is our favorite neighborhood pizza spot .
great crust and yummy toppings .
their pizza is the best around for the money .
visit enough times and they remember you by name .
its a small spot but has just the right amount of space .
everyone loved the food , from children thru adults .
so far so good .
let me know how good the pizza is .
absolutely love love love their pizza .
its some of the best pizza i have had since moving to arizona !
delivery was very fast and it was hot .
delivery guy was very friendly and came right to our door - bonus !
the pizza was flavorful and crispy and the sub was also very good .
best pizza there is !
it 's that good !
go , eat ... find happiness in the first bite .
their pizza is so delicious and the customer service is excellent .
it 's good enough to keep me coming back every time .
it 's made fresh right in front of you with quality ingredients .
it 's freaking amazing .
which is also amazing .
great sub good pizza !
service was nice too .
the crust was toward the thin side , but crisp and good .
2nd time here , and the food is still good !
small place , big flavor , will be back again soon !
_num_ '' the works !
fantastic !
the whole family is hooked .
fresh , flavorful , not greasy ... .
opened up the phone to yelp and found this place right up the street .
got a large the works and added the garlic and jalapeno .
was really a great pizza and everyone loved it .
i recommend it to anyone who loves a great hand tossed pizza !
it 's an adventure !
a local eatery recommended by a neighboring business .
waited approximately _num_ minutes and boy was it worth it !
fresh delicious ingredients , crispy oven fresh .
everything so far has been delicious .
i 'll be coming back for more !
the staff is very nice .
got into town yesterday and started looking for good places to eat .
this place had a lot of great reviews so we decided , why not !
got a pizza and breadsticks .
not the cheapest pizza round , but definitely worth the price .
they and huge and loaded with toppings , and there is something for everyone .
i love the works pizza .
fresh mushrooms , good hand tossed crust , just the right amount of sauce .
well done .
good price also .
service was good .
definetly recommend .
the best thing on the menu is the hot italian sub !
their house dressing is amazing !
you got ta try it all !
definitely a delicious choice for pizza and wings .
the wing sauce is very tasty .
i like spicy bbq .
the chicken wings are good and juicy .
the pizza is awesome !
the chef salad was great !
i ended up just picking it up and that was fine .
nice people but not great on the phone .
i ordered their french dip and absolutely loved it .
for a great price this is definitely my go-to neighborhood pizza and sandwich place !
one of the best pizza 's i 've had .
medium wings were great also and fresh salad .
best subs in arizona !
sooo good !
the service is awesome and fast !
pizza is spot on as well !
stopped here and got the to slice meal of pepperoni and bacon .
please open one of these in gilbert !
so remarkably good i ca n't stop ordering it !
the italian , hot or cold , is also incredible .
the staff is friendly and fast .
they load the toppings , sauce tastes so good and the crust is perfect .
all the toppings are so fresh .
sauce is delicious !
spicy bbq wings are great !
prices are reasonable !
love this place !
pizzas are fantastic and the staff is extremely friendly and fun !
we ordered delivery while staying at a resort near here .
both were fantastic , service was quick , and friendly !
loved it !
we ordered from here last night and their pizza is insanely good !
everything was delicious !
we also ordered the works which the kids liked better .
but definitely recommend this place .
if you like spicy foods , you are going to love these !
the toasted italian sub is also a must .
i would also like to mention that the sauce on their pizza is amazing .
thanks to yelp we found this place and i 'm glad we did .
great inexpensive pizza joint !
the staff was also very friendly .
they even told me where the best mexican restaurant in town is .
thanks !
this place came up and sounded great !
pizza was delicious and the wings were yummy !
i really love the italian classic and the french dip .
so good !
very friendly staff and patrons .
everyone always seems to be a regular when you go in there .
we 'll be ordering again for sure !
they are great , so it 's busy .
i love this place .
the pizza is great .
amazing calzones .
everyone there has always made me feel welcome .
it is delicious !
best pizza and sub 's around .
this is the best pizza i 've ever had and top _num_ with wings .
and my husband absolutely loves the `` bob 's '' wings .
it 's one of the best places to eat pizza in phoenix .
it is absolutely delicious .
the sandwiches are also great , because the meat is of such high quality .
quite possibly the best hot italian sandwich i have ever had .
my wings arrived just like i asked and the pizza was excellent .
the cook recommended to order a cheese calzone , and boy was that good !
their customer service is great !
the cashier was very kind and helpful as well .
their wings are great and their pizza and service is better .
best pizza around in my opinion .
i order the works and the topping are awesome .
the iced tea is delicious as well .
pizza was very good , staff was friendly .
it showed up _num_ min after ordering , hot , fresh , and delicious .
our new go to pizza place .
perfectly balanced , moist , but not sloppy .
perfection for the price .
this place never disappoints !
great pizza , friendly service .
tasty pizza !
they do pizza and they do it right !
their sliced sausage is great and sauce and cheese are perfect .
went here for the first time on friday , the pizza was amazing !
, the staff was extremely friendly , and the service was rather quick .
nice crust , not the best i 've ever had though .
it was very good .
they deliver to hotel , quick & food is hot .
great pizza , best chopped salad and wings .
great service , efficiency .
thanks for a great job , guys !
i enjoy this location .
this place always takes care of me .
so far so good .
that was nice .
these guys were very professional .
i love this place .
great service , great team , reasonable cost , and fast service .
they made jokes and had fun with me .
definitely coming back .
great service , i was in and out quickly .
the manager was pleasant to deal with and very professional .
breakfast hot delicious & food for thought .
fantastic !
i would recommend this hotel to those who have business in phoenix .
this is a great place with a great weekly rate .
they also have an excellent breakfast in the morning .
the neighborhood is good and i would highly recommend this place .
it is very powerful but at the same time noisy as heck .
the breakfast is amazing .
very delicious and a lot of variety to offer .
stayed here twice and both times have been great .
excellent , hearty free breakfast , clean pool .
this a great stop n go or stop n stay for a week .
in room coffee is excellent .
nice hotel rooms were big with all the normal amenities .
the complimentary breakfast is decent good enough to start your day .
dr. clark is awesome .
go see dr. clark !
the whole staff is great and really cares about your animal .
he is so full of great information about all animals .
this group really clearly loves and cares for animals .
i have finally found a place that i want to bring my dogs to .
the staff and doctor are top-notch .
everything is handled with care and detailed attention .
thanks !
everyone in the office is nice and welcoming .
the doc was extremely nice .
the doctor and staff were so nice .
dr. clark was extremely compassionate .
he handled the situation with the attention that it required .
my cat frankie was lucky to get such great care !
i am grateful to have found an animal hospital of this caliber !
dr. clark is helpful , welcoming , and knowledgeable .
all the techs i 've interacted with are also very nice and informative .
dr. j and his staff are excellent .
i always get compliments on my teeth and i love to show them off .
knowledgeable and friendly staff .
the office is gorgeous with great views of the mountains .
love love love this office , and honestly ca n't say enough !
the staff are very friendly and professional .
office is pleasant and organized .
he is the best !
he is very kind and compassionate .
the ladies at the front are very sweet as well .
he is a wonderful doctor and a kind man .
if you want a great doctor he is the one !
he is the best doctor around .
he has such a great heart and a good personality .
i recommend him to anyone .
the front office girls are fun and friendly as well .
great dr. great staff .
this place is good , not great .
the place does a huge take-out business .
and the folks that runs the place are really nice .
outstanding .
it 's like a full sampling of all things fried !
this is not health food , but it is dang good .
the service is super fast , they deliver , and are very nice .
my friend max , a local , recommended bamboo china .
it came with vegetarian spring rolls , crab won ton and noodles .
the food is great , for cheap food .
service is quick , and quiet .
they deliver really fast ( and their dine in service is wonderful ) .
the tofu was a good texture and really went well with the ingredients .
i really recommend this restaurant .
happy to have found great chinese delivery from bamboo china .
fast and hot delivery too .
consistently great food , kind service , and fast delivery .
i love this place .
it has the best shrimp fried rice i 've ever had .
it also has very good egg flower soup that has chicken in it .
large portions , good prices , tasty food .
still the same great service .
prices are great and delivery is quick !
all were excellent , hot , and tasty .
we got _num_ dollars worth of food for _num_ people .
wow , lived here for _num_ years and never knew this was here .
my son loved it as did my girlfriend .
everyone is welcoming and nice , we will definately return .
... love !
love !
love !
parking 's tight with both private lot and a neighborhood street available .
the good news is that i have been well taken care of each time .
these guys are honest and very customer oriented .
they have treated us very well .
on our way there we got rear ended .
they were amazing and we made it home without a worry .
i would highly recommend them to anyone .
i 've witnessed how they treat their customers & they are respectful & patient .
they handle things in a professional and honest manner .
i found a coupon and headed in .
there was easy access from greenway and a clean parking lot .
they got the job done in about _num_ minutes and did a great job .
what a perfect response !
great , great guys and great service !
it was like seeing an old friend again !
i can rely on his honesty and assessment of the car 's needs .
i will always take my car here and highly recommend this place for service .
jason will treat you right !
they were also very friendly .
great job guys !
thanks much .
wonderful , honest , and efficient work !
ron is amazing !
they are professional , friendly and above all excellent at what they do .
they were really nice and reasonably priced .
i am so happy to have reliable car help !
great service every time !
excellent friendly customer service .
i dislike finding new doctors but this chiropractic office is a good find .
i was very impressed with my visit and would recommend their services to anyone .
i highly recommend him and his team for massages and chiropractic adjustments !
they always have something interesting there .
i want to thank the wonderful employees of this store .
michelle called around and found just what i wanted .
such great customer service .
the technicians are attentive and pleasant .
they do a good job and do n't skimp on any details .
the manicures are good too .
very enjoyable experience .
my technician was super sweet and we chatted the whole time .
my toes look great , way better than i could have done myself .
they were also able to get me in right away .
very convenient so i will be back !
i love feeling like a queen for the day .
one tech at my feet , one doing my nails .
and i definitly recommend getting gel nails .
it looks great and lasts long .
i have the cutest nails !
gel nails that last forever .
great service .
it 's that way everywhere , even my normal pharmacy .
way to go : ) you made this customer happy .
such a nice family owned shop .
they do a great job fixing jewelry .
joe was most helpful and friendly .
thanks again !
the best customer service in town .
i will definitely be back !
it 's outstanding .
staff is always friendly and helpful .
she loved them .
their entire staff at the store are always pleasant and enjoyable to deal with .
extra star for the service .
the hot and sour soup is excellent as well .
the portions are generous and the service is prompt and efficient .
the decor is well , chinese restaurant !
but there are tablecloths and the seating is comfortable .
it must be good .
the place is clean .
it was great .
this place has really good food and great prices !
my favorite is the singapore rice noodles !
one of my first apartments was really close and i worked across the street .
i took the family here for a late bit before heading home .
the food is great and the prices are good .
flamingo palace has a great online menu and ordering was very easy .
the delivery driver was very nice and the food was still hot !
the chicken was n't overcooked , the noodles were tasty , too .
plus they have free delivery !
first , this place has been around forever !
that means it must be a good successful family owned place !
everything else on the menu is fantastic as well .
the egg rolls are the best i 've ever had .
delicious !
their hot and sour soup is pretty good .
and they deliver !
all the dishes were delicious .
the veggies were perfectly cooked and still crunchy .
and the staff are really friendly .
looks like i found a new favorite !
excellent food , great service .
fantastic american chinese !
very good .
the best hot & spicy soup in town .
the food was fresh and delicious , and the service was very friendly .
still happy !
good job guys !
foods pretty good .
do n't let the decorations fool you ... this place is amazing !
their flamingo chicken and their friend rice is everything !
highly recommended !
thanks everyone .
portion are just right .
believe me , you will feel extremely satisfied when you leave .
strongly recommended !
great food !
the food is always good when i go !
i absolutely love this place .
the flamingo palace is my favorite asian food restaurant .
a great family atmosphere but also a great place for date night .
this place is great !
the flamingo chicken special was very , very , very delicious !
it was hot , fresh , and just all around great .
the meat was high quality .
their food is always wonderful and service is outstanding .
polite delivery drivers and prompt service .
my husband and i love this place .
their lunch specials are good sized portions and decently priced .
by far and away my favorite chinese restaurant .
friendly staff with great foot at a good value !
i just discovered this chinese food place right in my backyard .
i ended up getting the general tso chicken and it was quite good .
wonderful service .
very clean restaurant .
food was fantastic !
definitely a permanent customer .
this place is one of the best chinese food restaurants in the area .
they deliver and you can even order via online .
the flamingo chicken and street noodles are amazing !
love this place .
the decor needs an update but the staff is super sweet and prompt .
very worth the wait .
enjoy !
i 'm pretty sure this is a family own business .
great food & great service .
i was very pleased with their service & the food tasted great !
awesome experience .
this is the best chinese restaurant we 've been to .
the lunch special 's are worth the money .
the food is good , the prices are very reasonable .
the atmosphere is good and the service is good .
very good value and good food .
foods always great .
egg drop is good and the jasmine tea is good too .
sesame chicken is good !
better than the setting is the great food .
the seasonings are strong yet well layered .
special mention should be made of two often overlooked parts of a great meal .
this place serves really good tea and absolutely outstanding mustard .
we love it !
would highly recommend it .
they are our new favorite !
flamingo special is my favorite !
shrimp fried rice is yummy !
wonderful , distinctive food and attentive waitstaff !
the prices are outstanding , especially the lunch specials .
would highly recommend flamingo palace for a delicious traditional chinese food restaurant .
they were always so friendly and had my food ready fast .
they are always so happy to see me .
love the wait staff they are always happy to see us .
the best hot mustard it 's really hot good egg rolls .
this place is fabulous !
it a must have .
food and service was great here .
and the amount you get for the price is awesome !
love the chinese food here .
their egg rolls are some of the best egg rolls i 've ever had .
oh yeah , their dumplings are amazing as well !
will continue to be a customer here !
everything is great i go here at least once a week !
been coming here for almost _num_ years now .
good chinese food , really enjoy the kung pao and the pork fried rice .
it 's family style , so plan on sharing .
it 's much more fun with a group because you can order more choices .
we eat here pretty regularly .
delivery can be slow , but pick up is super fast .
it was a little on the pricey side but excellent food .
the chow fun was great and had a lot of meat and quite tasty .
my family and i occasionally dine at this restaurant for lunch or dinner .
either one is great .
the employees are very nice and friendly .
it is a nice location , quiet , rather intimate , and clean .
it was great !
great food !
this place is awesome .
everyone is super nice and knowledgeable , but i 'm partial to eric .
friendly and helpful staff .
they also have the knowledge of the items they are selling .
that is always a plus !
definitely will bring the bike back for maintenance .
thank again guys .
you did a great job and made a sale of a trek bike .
highly recommended .
jeff , again , i can never thank you enough fine sir .
this shop is awesome !
such quick and great help .
this place is great .
had a great first time experience .
they carry a good line of inventory and also have excellent mechanics on staff .
these guys do a lot of good things for the community also .
i 'm a happy customer , again !
it was a very good experience .
i brought my watch in for a new battery today .
this place is great .
beautiful work done here .
amazing job .
the jewelry there was gorgeous but my husband saw his dream watch .
professional and extremely helpful .
would highly highly recommend keith and his team to everyone .
many thanks once again !
the reviews were good and they are close to home .
now that is service !
i would definitely recommend them .
this is a very nice shop , and friendly .
a wonderful place .
would definitely recommend this place over and over again .
great people , great service , reasonable priced .
highly recommend them !
great service and more than fair pricing .
these people were delightful !
carol helped us .
nice .
i will be back !
very nice and helpful !
highly recommended .
customer service !
this man is a genius !
so very pleased .
good staff , great dentist !
early appointment ?
he is extremely thorough and is absolute about providing the best dental care possible .
he is happy when i have zero problems .
i highly recommend this practice !
always made sure i was comfortable and at ease !
he treats him with respect and has won him over .
shawn eric is engaging , personable , and can cater to any crowd .
thank you shawn eric !
he delivers exceptional magic with charm and delight .
recommend !
super helpful staff !
delicious food and great service !
so fun !
well worth it !
the pedicure was amazing !
i really like this nail salon .
: ) i always have a pleasant experience here .
excellent job !
had my nails done weeks ago , and they still look perfect .
highly recommend these people !
i got a pedicure and my eyebrows waxed .
best pedi i ever had !
these guys are very friendly and trustworthy .
i take my honda here all the time and i love it .
they are always speedy and honest , they never make unnecessary charges or repairs .
frank ( the main dude ) is also pretty hilarious .
he 's really old , and very nice .
you tell me like it is and you do not sugar coat anything .
thank you !
thank you !
thank you !
a very happy customer !
it led me here .
cute little deli on the inside .
authentic german folks working there and frequenting there .
this is a great business .
honest and fair would be the words i 'd use .
carl 's jr is my guilty pleasure place for burgers .
i actually crave their fries after a long day at work !
food is always good here .
great job .
great job and great quality .
thank you !
i had an amazing experience here .
i have gone here many times and they always do a great job !
auto zone gives good service .
to make matters even better , the staff is amazing .
everybody in the office always looks professional and acts like true class acts .
they have the original , made with traditional farmer 's cheese .
it was the best i have ever had .
omg ... what a great place .
they also have cakes , cookies , and pastries , all fresh and delicious .
the staff is always ready with a smile and helpful attitude .
this is my favorite bakery in all of phoenix !
freshly baked bread , beautiful pastries .
so damn good .
i love this place .
the owners are wonderful people .
have a special request let them know , they 'll do it .
authenticity at its finest !
we love this place .
eat , drink and be merry my friends !
maintenance has fixed my issues in a timely manner .
the office staff is great and friendly .
the staff is great .
my neighbors are just wonderful .
i still visit occasionally .
they are consistently good with customer service .
the paint area people are very helpful , and patient .
last time i came here , jake helped me out with plumbing .
kudos to this location for their diversity in their team .
purchasing windows and having them installed by home depot has been a great experience .
the installation went well with a completed job in a few hours .
this is a pretty good home depot .
the selection and in stock status of this particular location is very good .
most of the employees are actually giving you eye contact and care to assist .
just awesome !
overall , a good place to shop .
this the the best home depot and hardware store in the area .
they have helpful courteous staff members and good prices .
i 'm a fan .
great store !
the employees are always friendly and helpful .
the store is clean and the inventory is good .
we received excellent service .
pretty good selection .
good prices .
a great place for women with patience .
also , the dressing room associates are friendly .
very clean and well organized when i was there on an early sunday morning .
this place is always getting new items .
marina and her team are always very pleasant with me .
i also like the fact the salon is very clean .
love coming here .
the ladies are so funny .
love this place .
marina is awesome and hilarious .
the prices are high , but very well worth it !
the place is clean and super kid friendly .
i loved it and i will be going here for my kids future cuts .
i recommend making an appointment so you do n't have to wait .
and we love miss veronica , she always gives a great haircut !
we had a great experience and will definitely be back .
i will definitely be taking my son there from now on for future haircuts !
the price was awesome and the service wonderful .
they really are geared towards the little ones !
karen was awesome and very patient .
lane loves his new haircut !
thanks !
love this place !
the stylists are friendly and polite , and the place is clean !
it has been a great experience every time !
veronica does a really great job !
veronica is great and the kids love her !
highly recommend them !
veronica connected so well with my granddaughter .
coming from nyc i was very particular in who touched my sons hair .
she is the best .
my son enjoys his visits here and she is always very nice and friendly .
my son is very at ease with her .
she listens to what i wanted and cut his hair perfectly .
i couldnt be more happy with the results .
veronica was our hairstylist and she did a wonderful job !
shampoo , cut , and style was only about $ _num_ .
we will definitely come back again !
our stylist jessica was extremely patient and caring with our two year old .
played his favorite movie `` cars '' and entertained him the whole time .
they are friendly and efficient .
the ladies who work here are quick and efficient .
easy to schedule appointment and very clean .
great environment .
we had jessica , she was great !
karen was great and was very patient and helpful .
i recommend this cool cuts _num_ % .
even if you live far from this location , it is worth the drive !
miss kelly is the best !
they always do a fantastic job here !
my daughter had a wonderful first hair cut experience .
heather was fabulous !
love this place !
we had kelly the first few times and she moved .
she was amazing !
now we go to jessica and she is the best !
highly recommend this place and jessica !
this place was great !
veronica was awesome , my daughters hair looks amazing !
we will definitely be back !
jessica and veronica are the best .
one stop for all of our haircuts and they do a fantastic job .
totally rad hair salon !
thank you ladies for your patience and keep up the great work .
we will def be back !
beautiful community with an amazing resort like pool !
lots of trees and nice amenities .
small community and i loved the views from the patio .
the office staff is nice and i have always been treated kindly .
worth it !
with this sign a rama it 's dollars well spent .
ray did an amazing job for our store front sign and marquee sign .
excellent price , quick service and great communication .
highly recommend him for all of your business sign needs !
thanks for great customer service !
omg this business is amazing !
thanks you guys ... .
thanks !
i feel comfortable referring all my friends and family !
the staff is polite and helpful .
i highly recommend him and his team .
fantastic !
very proficient repair at an ultra fair price .
this is a place i trust .
the staff is always super friendly and fast .
greatest american food i have ever had in my entire life .
they have a new manager and she is fantastic !
the shakes were rich and creamy with lots of flavor .
the girl who delivered it was sweet , smiling and prompt .
impressed .
the frozen lemonade is great in the summer and their shakes are yummy .
just left there with our drinks and they were amazing !
most importantly our server was amazing , quick and friendly .
as busy as it was she made sure everyone received excellent customer service !
we will definitely keep coming to this sonic .
i really love safeway .
the employees there are always so nice and helpful .
they seem like they enjoy working there .
it 's reasonably clean .
staff are friendly and accommodating .
she was very friendly and i was appreciative of her suggestion .
the staff is awesome !
good store , same as any other big lots .
fun and funky , and tacky decor galore .
we 're still alive , but we were pushing our luck .
love this big lot store .
good job guys !
it 's good still .
excellent service and some workers have been there for years .
thanks for the service .
thanks .
it 's good still .
excellent device and some riders have been there for years .
thanks for the service .
thanks .
i love thai food ... and pink pepper has some very good thai food .
they are the best place in town to get traditional thai dishes .
everything i have ever eaten there was well prepared , fresh and consistent .
the hot line had a few extras as well .
consistency like this points to a very well run establishment .
so since i promised i 'd do it , _num_ stars !
we got several dishes to share family style .
pink pepper is terrific .
it 's probably the best thai i 've ever had .
reminds me of the great food in the bay area - definitely worth trying .
everything at the table had us in thai heaven !
all that great food at such a great price !
the price is good for a small frosty , _num_ cents !
i went through the drive thru and the line was long but went quick .
& 3rd street !
i had my favorite combo : mushroom & onion .
and best of all ... ... great tasting pizza !
i guarantee you wo n't feel the same way about pizza !
this is my idea of pizza heaven .
this ray 's is the best pizza outside of brooklyn .
excellent pizza and fantastic selection of italian food .
prices are wonderful as well .
i really love their pizza !
it 's always so hot , fresh , and yummy !
by far my favorite pizza !
this is the best ny style pie in town .
this is simple , straight-forward ny pizza done right .
best pizza in phoenix -- maybe on the west coast entirely .
great pizza at a great price ?
definitely !
the sauce was good , very good .
this restaurant deserves _num_ stars !
new york ghetto feel in a strip mall but delicious pizza !
glad to have found a new place where i can also be a regular !
the food was great and the service was good .
great food and great service .
this is hands down the best ol pizzeria in az amazing !
it is the perfect mixture of flavors .
the crust has a nice chewy consistency and a good flavor .
the service is fun , the place is clean .
price 's are great !
good pizza and wings at a good price .
best ny pizza - consistently good .
always tastes better extra crispy or warmed up .
soooooo good !
love the pizza and the staff .
the sauce they use is perfect , sweet but just enough .
love it !
i love their pizza !
also the slices are huge !
the food ... amazing .
best wings and pizza .
just as good as it has always been - great pizza .
i have also had their wings in the past and they 're great too !
always great ny pizza !
the original ray 's and still the best !
everyone was extremely friendly & welcoming .
i will definitely be back soon !
we ate here _num_ years ago and then moved away .
just came back for a visit and it 's still delicious .
the service is very friendly and the pizza is amazing .
the crust is the perfect balance of crispy and chewy .
the sliced sausage topping is my favorite .
ray 's has some of the best pizza i have had in a while .
great toppings , not greasy .
i will be returning for more , also great prices !
if you get the chance , drop in and grab a slice !
love ray 's !
they go out of their way to make you happy .
i love the wings !
their white pizza is amazing .
great food !
great pizza !
wings are best i 've had in phoenix by a long shot .
smaller family like atmosphere with friendly service .
best lasagna i 've ever had !
you can tell the family puts work into their food .
definitely new york style food and attitude ( which i loved ) .
the food is amazing !
great pizza !
real ny style pizza at a fair price .
place is the best pizza in arizona , there so nice there too .
pizza and wings are very good .
i will order again just maybe deliver next time .
fast service .
great pizza .
the best brooklyn style pizza in phoenix .
eating here right now .
for $ _num_ it 's a steal here .
really good .
it was really good , the sauce is really tasty .
good pizza , average rest of menu .
i recommend this place over most .
great pizza use their yelp coupon it worked out great .
best sauce ever !
great pizza !
delicious pie with a crispy crust !
plenty of pizza options and a great selection of other italian dishes .
good prices .
friendly service .
eating here right now .
food is very good , but come hungry .
my husband 's meatball sandwich is really good and very large .
great deal for the money with the yelp !
i ordered it extra thin and well done !
just delicious !
i highly recommend this place if you want real ny style pizza !
best new york style pizza in the state .
everything is yummy ... especially the monster pie !
it 's easy to order for pickup or dine in .
our favorite is the white pizza .
very flavorful and does not require anything else added to it .
the prices are reasonable and the service is always good .
a plus is they sell slices also and have small individual sizes as well .
great pizza and hot wings - reminds me of home !
definately the most authentic in the valley .
the white pizza is amazing !
love it here !
the staff is always friendly and accommodating .
thank you !
comes with a side of delicious marinara also .
our pizza was pepperoni and mushroom and it was great , too .
pretty damn good .
delicious pizza and wings .
great place for a great slice !
always get _num_ cheese pizzas and always come out right !
love this place , , i can eat it everyday !
love love love the white pizza !
super friendly staff , def going back ever time in town !
love this corner pizza joint !
crust to cheese to sauce ratio is perfection .
their wings are good too !
service is good enough .
really good !
thanks ray 's for a great pizza !
love this place .
worth the price if you like good pizza .
victor is awesome !
great not your average topping as well !
will be a regular !
famous ray 's is the best .
the guys are pretty much straight from bk and are rather entertaining .
great spot !
and apparently you can enjoy a glass of wine for _num_ .
good place to have authentic new york style pizza !
a bit pricy for everyday eating but worth to try .
amazing pizza and sandwiches !
the people and food are both great !
i continue to be hooked on this joint !
our first time here and it 's really good !
the pizza was fresh and the wings were so good !
great pizza and wings !
everyone that works there is really nice too !
highly recommend this place !
awesome !
every bit as good as i remember .
love it , best pizza in the city .
use the yelp deal it 's great !
such a great place for pizza and wings !
great prices , great atmosphere and great food .
finally , a pizza joint that has good pizza and beef pepperoni !
great pie .
wonderful staff .
very relaxing and filling .
surely will be back and recommend it above any of the chains .
great pizza folks .
solid new york pizza here .
best in phoenix hands down .
best pizza place in phoenix .
we love this place .
solid place for sure !
always come here on our yearly vacation in phoenix .
this place is the great .
the pizza is definitely authentic new york style .
they also have good yelp offers too .
and got a coupon to boot !
we picked it up and it was delectable .
best pizza in phoenix , it 's so good !
love your pizza , the hot wing were really hot ... yummy !
this place does serve some pretty good pizza .
great pizza , fantastic wings and great service .
we love famous ray 's .
nice guys !
the pizza here is amazing , every time .
the owners are funny , and very nice .
great calzone !
thing was huge and delicious !
i really like this place .
awesome spot !
food looks and smells great !
great pizza and friendly staff !
will definitely go again !
very authentic all the way to the accent .
very good ny style pizza and great people that take care of you .
great find !
delicious !
love it .
rays has great pizza .
we got it to go .
just good pizza at a fair price .
the service was great .
delicious pizza and wings .
owner from brooklyn was fun to talk to and very accommodating .
as good as advertised .
stopped in for lunch and i really enjoyed it .
staff was friendly and service was fast .
good pizza and a fun atmosphere .
nothing has changed still great !
my favorite food , so i 'm very picky with it .
definitely one of the best i ever ate .
very good food !
great tasting pizza !
excellent food .
i highly recommend it .
new york style pizza .
the best pizza in this area by a long shot !
our comforter was all pretty & clean & folded nicely in a plastic bag .
prices are good , and i have never had a problem with their work .
very good dry cleaners .
great service .
great people .
i recommend this cleaners to everybody !
prices are also very reasonable & the people are always nice & very friendly .
they do very good work and i am always in and out quickly .
the staff is pretty cool too .
but , until i open my own i will never be happy .
very dependable !
they do a great job with my professional attire .
the guy that answered was super nice .
we were both very impressed with how great of a job they did .
always get great service and a fair price .
i would recommend them to anyone .
they always do a great job on my husbands shirts .
if you want excellent service in a timely manner this is the place !
check it out !
good stuff !
great place .
great customer service and i will go back .
this was a great place .
the two brothers were very nice and to the point .
can not recommend them highly enough , they do a great job !
hidden gem !
the neighborhood is nice and within walking distance to many businesses .
the grounds and facilities are immaculate .
the apartment is very spacious and quiet .
i feel truly blessed having found such a wonderful , gracious leasing staff .
the amenities are great and so are the neighbors .
a great banking institution and have always received exceptional customer service .
happy with services provided .
i highly recommend her .
this is a really lovely place to get your nails done .
they are so nice every time i come in .
this is a great neighborhood spot to get your spa on !
we had a wonderful experience !
i will definitely go back when we are in town again .
great place !
nice staff , very clean shop .
i really appreciated his demeanor and friendliness .
always have a good experience here .
i highly recommend .
but thank you for staying open late , great customer service !
i am thoroughly impressed !
dr. anderson and the entire staff are absolutely amazing !
i take my own personal pets there as well .
we lived here for two years and have loved every minute of it .
the staff is always friendly and happy to help .
i love it here , great community and maintenance i give _num_ stars too .
they come the same day within hours , very friendly people .
best thing ever !
that 's the kind of customer service we need more of !
you guys deserve a shout out for doing a great job !
thank you !
they are well stocked , friendly and a pleasure to deal with .
saved us a lot of time and frustration !
im a fan !
josh in parts was very knowledgeable and cool to speak with .
good selection of parts and a nice showroom .
good job guys finally found a bike shop i can trust !
big fan of this place .
great staff , very knowledgable and always answer my questions .
from the moment i called , i knew i found a place that cared .
the gentleman was very straightforward on the phone .
very nice .
family owned , quick , honest , and they care .
great service - i will be back .
very reliable and no bull .
family owned honest and fair .
everybody at this place is awesome .
this place is great .
it is family owned .
i go here for my oil changes , they are quick and professional .
great service .
thanks again guys !
they 're honest and friendly .
so happy to have found a trustworthy auto shop .
it 's worth the drive .
read the great reviews on here and figured i would give it a shot .
well it was a great choice .
this is a great shop , that is family owned with reasonable prices .
love this place and have been going for over _num_ years !
always honest and reliable .
great service !
highly recommend .
so grateful i found this place .
their staff is knowledgeable and helpful .
i highly recommend this shop !
they are very honest & have integrity in their work .
a very pleasant find .
and it will be done correctly .
very friendly customer service !
extremely helpful !
love this place !
repaired several of our lamps !
so happy we found this place !
this place is amazing !
the lady working their was extremely friendly and very helpful .
the owners are very easy to work and professional .
george , the floor installer , is very friendly and does wonderful work .
they were all very accommodating and very animal friendly !
i almost forgot to mention how beautiful my new floors and base boards look !
i definitely had enough to eat and it was really good .
i love this auto shop .
the owners are friendly and honest .
i definitely recommend this place .
quiet residents .
the menu had excellent choices for pasta , subs and pizza at reasonable prices .
i truly enjoyed every bite !
love the people working there .
never disappoints !
great food , fun atmosphere and wonderful service .
the food is always wonderfully prepared !
great pizzas for very reasonable prices .
good pizza , fresh garlic knots , good lunch specials , and nice servers .
the restaurant is always clean and inviting .
i will certainly be back .
the kids enjoyed the spaghetti and pizza slice from the kids menu as well .
will visit again when in town next year for sure !
i love the pizza here .
the girl at the counter was very nice and took my order right away .
the restaurant is kept very clean and they have _num_ tv 's showing sports .
great service and great food !
it was fresh , tasty and not very expensive .
the establishment was clean and friendly .
we typically dine organic , which it was n't .
definitely great place to get some dinner or lunch !
love it here !
he is always polite and has great customer service .
good place to hang out for groups .
we ordered for our custom made pasta and it tasted good !
amazing dinner salad !
my personal favorite restaurant in the area .
we just had a great meal here .
excellent had friendly service and great food .
a good place to go .
went here for lunch with my wife .
have yet to order something here i do n't love .
the food is exceptional .
the service is always wonderful .
the specials were amazing , the lobster ravioli was delightful !
the eggplant is smoky and delicious - the best i 've had .
the bread is freshly made ; the marinara pasta sauce just perfect .
i love this place !
he got the spaghetti and sausage which was also amazing !
it was quiet and peaceful .
loved it !
i will come back and see if it has changed .
intimate , quiet & relaxing !
great for date night !
we had pizza wine & beer , amazing !
family owned , great service - food was absolutely delicious !
i got the lasagna and it was delicious and very filling .
both were sweet and delicious and finished the dinner perfectly .
but in my opinion it was well worth it .
the staff was attentive and incredibly friendly .
the owner introduced himself as well and spoke about the home made dishes .
my husband and i eat here almost every friday night and love it .
they rotate their menu seasonally so there is always something new .
1st time here & the food was rich and delicious !
the marinara sauce was perfect .
both were very good .
the servers were very kind & we had a great experience .
we will definitely be back !
very homey and it 's like your in your grandma 's kitchen !
great italian food at great prices .
we had _num_ people in our party and everyone loved their meal .
nice quiet place but is good for families with children .
food was amazing !
wow !
will bring family next time .
really good food , and fantastically friendly service !
superb place to be , and a great , peaceful place to go .
great restaurant , nice people , good food !
very good gnocchi .
their pizza is probably my favorite item on the menu .
wonderful place to enjoy sporting events .
love the vibe here .
joey and his wife are amazing hosts .
the food is good .
nice little italian spot .
good for date night .
loved the ambiance and the service .
stopped in for lunch service is fast and the guy is very kind !
love this cozy little pizza place !
it was delicious .
the pizzas are pretty small , but really good !
there 's also a bar area with a great selection of wines !
had a lovely dinner here at the bar with a friend .
we loved the new york feel .
we loved it !
fantastic owner who works in his restaurant and really cares about his customers !
this is a wonderful neighborhood gem .
some of the daily specials are hand rolled in house as well .
delicious !
great neighborhood spot discovered recently .
the food was delicious & service was outstanding .
the owner was super friendly & very warm & accommodating !
not a fancy place but the food is worth enjoying .
their `` szechuan , mandarin , and pacific cuisine '' really hit the spot .
so far , this is my favorite pad thai in the valley .
i order mine not too spicy here , because otherwise it is quite spicy !
very good consistent food at an amazing value .
egg rolls were really good .
hot and sour soup was delicious .
friendly service and pretty fast .
i 'll definitely be back .
good neighborhood spot for dine-in or take out chinese .
the food is good , definitely above average .
the house specialties on the menu is a good place to start .
service is really good for an asian place .
the owner and his wife are particularly nice and seem to value the regulars .
take out is good but dining in is better .
when i first moved to az , this place was pretty rocking .
they serve complimentary tea , which goes well with the food .
food was good value for the buck .
definitely on our rotation for casual eating .
it is hard to find good chinese food in phoenix .
lunch special is fabulous !
this is my top choice !
dining in the service is excellent .
for phoenix this is decent chinese food !
we all liked it and would go back again .
the service was good .
my kids liked their beef skewers .
great real chinese food , great service and good drinks need i say more .
imo the best chinese in phoenix !
the food is fantastic and the prices are great .
orange chicken is sweet and tangy .
you can order it with more spice and enjoy the sweet with the heat .
the sizzling rice soup in good .
super good you have to try it !
really good , old school authentic food .
very affordable and quick .
highly recommend .
was very impressed with the level of customer service at this place .
the owner walks around and know most of his clients by name !
this experience might just make me a regular here !
a sure hit and we will definitely be back .
awesome food !
great service !
great prices !
this place is the best , i have been coming here all my life .
the lunch specials are a perfect portion size , at amazing prices .
the orange chicken or orange beef are the best i 've had anywhere .
i fell in love instantly !
i love their lunch specials !
i 'll make this easy ; this is the best chinese food in phoenix .
i 'm glad we did , because it was delightful .
they gave great service .
our food was good , they veggies especially were cooked perfectly .
the staff is friendly , restaurant clean , and food is priced well .
great food and great service !
enjoy this neighborhood restaurant .
thanks !
it 's great to watch the staff wrap each roll using chop sticks .
still one of the most excellent restaurants in the valley of the sun .
with really great food and fast & friendly service .
our favorite restaurant in the phoenix area .
we ordered family meal ... first visit !
management and service personnel are always friendly and enthusiastic .
i 'll definitely be back !
one of our favorite restaurants !
their hot & sour soup is soo good .
our family and friends have never orders badly here , really great place .
i still love this place and eat here regularly .
great dinner food was hot and tasty .
richard our server was very efficient and friendly .
great service .
love this place for take-out !
they are always fast and friendly and the food is great .
the orange chicken is the best !
the won ton soup is another favorite .
we really enjoyed the hot tea that comes with the lunches .
very affordable place to eat .
the service super good .
definitely we will return .
the orange chicken and house special is the best !
i think this place is great !
we shall see !
baja fresh is pretty freakin fresh .
my daughter and i frequent this place .
i also like their chips and salsa .
the place is clean and the staff is great .
the food is fresh and tastes great .
it just tastes better .
fast , fresh , delicious ... how can i not love it ?
it also makes a great gift .
every class i have taken from every instructor has been a wonderful experience .
they also have a great collection of yoga gear and books .
definitely worth checking out !
he has done so much for the community .
very authentic yoga .
so happy this place is so close to my home .
worth it though .
i absolutely love it so far .
love this place !
i love all the staff here .
there are many great classes .
my personal favorite was essential basics with rachel .
my first visit and first impression of this place is great !
the best place for a real manicure .
and a fun place to spend part of your day .
heather does my hair , and she is great !
very friends staff , heather has done my hair for _num_ years now !
donna has been a wonderful stylist for years .
very good with a razor and trustworthy to give free range .
thanks for the years of looking good .
this place is nothing fancy , but full of good hard working ladies .
rosa is so sweet and nice !
always exactly what i want and cooked how we like it .
all the people i bring here from out of town love it .
definitely worth a shot .
got to love the hot sauce !
this place is by far my guilty pleasure .
employees are always friendly and their food is so yummy !
its also in a really great location !
still a great fast stop !
also they have a double drive through here !
it is pretty similar to most of the other places with a similar name .
great for a late night meal after a couple drinks .
it was well made , great tortilla and held together until the end .
right down the street from me , i will be back !
with the other 4/5 star reviews , you have great taste .
this place is really good mexican food from pollo to carne asada .
it 's one of the good ones .
excellent !
good stuff !
huge breakfast burrito !
_num_ but well worth it .
this hit the spot !
they were also wearing gloves which is always a plus !
very friendly staff !
same girl helped me both times !
this is my favorite place for late night munchies .
love this place around christmas time .
great place to go for the whole family .
remodeled so its new and clean !
pizza is always fresh and crispy and made on the spot .
good place , friendly staff .
staff are friendly !
the place is also super clean , which is a major plus !
what a sweet guy .
will definitely be back .
he 's a great person .
it was great .
but maybe i went here on a particularly good day .
got good fast service and i love the southwestern egg rolls !
the food and service are always great .
even when the bar is packed they 're always on their a game !
food was great , as were the prices .
service was good .
the service is always great and the food is always perfect !
consistently good quality food and great service every time i 've been in .
love this chili 's .
friendly bar staff and always quick to serve .
victoria it 's the best !
great service and food !
we have never had an issue and are always happy to return .
the staff was so nice and everything was cook cooked well and fast .
really good food and great service .
definitely worth signing up for and actually coming in to eat .
best service ever .
well awesome service !
everyone should give her great tips !
dave will also take good care of you .
the food is always tasty and i appreciate the additions to the menu .
awesome yummy food and good service too .
great job on a busy friday night !
i came here to celebrate my birthday and our server was on point .
he kept our drinks flowing and our mouths happy .
love this place and hope for more drink specials !
the food was delicious .
host greeted and made a special attempt to seat us in the bar area .
our waitress was wonderful .
cheerful , quick and always one step a head of our needs .
we visit many chili 's and this one we recommend .
thank you for great service , food and price .
all the food is consistently satisfying .
great burgers and steak fries .
service , menu selection , food quality and quantity ... all top notch .
the burger sliders were to die for , along with the sweet potato fries .
my daughter took me here for a birthday lunch and i was in heaven .
i will definately recommend this place to all my friends , italian or not .
great place for drink , sports and pub food !
good local sports bar with good service , food and they grill the wings .
i love this place .
italian food here is solid , and the cocktails have a punch .
the beer selection is nice and the food is n't bad .
the service is quick , attentive and pleasant .
our local place for years .
great neighborhood dive .
will continue to be a patron here .
great hangout .
thanks .
the food was great and service was best in north phx .
this place surprised me .
awesome place !
love you .
i loved it .
wow this place was great .
this place is definitely one of those hidden gems .
great food and long time family hospitality !
my fav , lasagna , great burgers , tuna melt and hot dogs !
good pours and good variety of beers on tap !
family hospitality !
i love it here .
great pizza and wings !
actually everything on the menu is delicious !
nice family owned and operated atmosphere and drinks are poured generously !
outstanding place !
great food and tap beers .
all the food is great .
i love the burgers and of course the steak sandwich .
ny strip on great bread .
great meal for the price point .
best steak sandwich i 've ever had !
the most authentic home made food i have ever had !
the chef is fantastic !
shock top on tap , lots of tv 's and a couple pool tables .
i will be back !
good food great service and atmosphere !
super comfortable friendly employees , drinks are priced right .
simply great !
eggplant and white clam linguine are delicious .
great wings and a solid local hang out .
numerous beers on tap .
lots of tvs and a great atmosphere .
best pizza we had in a long time .
thanks .
order was delivered quickly and accurate and it was really great .
thanks guys !
i ordered double cut , light sauce ... i 'm picky .
definitely my go to dinner place .
thanks so much !
and every single time i order they make it perfectly and on time .
pizza and wings both !
keep it up !
: ) thank you !
i received some of the most beautiful flowers from this florist .
primo customer service !
a major home run !
amazing !
this place is amazing and i would recommend them to anyone .
i had a fantastic experience .
the flowers look amazing !
he 's always been extremely nice , approachable and caring .
both men are fantastic !
great service - thanks !
they are open early and always ready to help me !
at aj 's you can buy fresh baked pizza .
it 's honestly one of best pizza 's you will ever have .
staff is very nice .
overall great experience .
love this location because it is so close to my work .
love this place !
great local chain .
and a fantastic bakery .
oh , and great beer and wine selection .
great for when i want to treat myself or someone else .
excellent customer service as well .
nice gym the workout area is clean .
nice new equipment .
and better music at this location than there .
plenty of equipment even when crowded .
love it .
all equipment is brand new .
at least twice the size of any other la fitness i see .
i 'm kinda proud of them for it , honestly .
good gym , lots of equipment and good choice of classes .
the prices are super reasonable and the equipment is in good working order .
if you 're looking to join a gym , i recommend this one .
i tried spinning twice , and that was fun .
what a great gym !
thank goodness i made the switch .
it is so clean in here .
it 's also the biggest one around since it 's so new .
the staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about sales .
i have started going here and really enjoy this place .
you will leave feeling like you just had a great workout !
great gym , friendly staff .
my kids enjoying being there while i 'm working out .
staff are friendly and helpful with signing up .
who was excellent .
been coming here for a month now and this place is awesome !
staffs are very friendly and place is always clean .
love the pool , love the jacuzzi and absolutely love love love the sauna .
it is reassuring to see experts come in to test water level and machines .
very friendly salon with excellent staff .
i am so pleased to have such a quality salon in our neighborhood .
this salon is great !
she knows how to make me look good !
i would recommend anyone to her !
christine is awesome !
she has been doing my hair for years and always looks like perfection !
got my hair do there today by chelsea .
she did an excellent job .
she is great at color and highlights .
loved the way it turned out .
great service !
the staff is great , friendly and always making time in salon fun !
she 's also great to talk to .
jade , you did a fabulous job !
thanks again jade , i will see you again .
i 've seen many many awesome styles and happy clients leaving the salon !
the salon has a positive family atmosphere and was clean .
a great haircut and color .
as a first time client id recommend the salon and sarah .
the receptionist is adorable .
wonderful salon .
been going here for over a year and always satisfied .
crystal does my hair and it always looks good .
she 's busy cuz she 's so good but definitely worth it .
love her !
comfortable atmosphere .
dr. nick warner always does a great job !
he is always professional and has a clean , peaceful atmosphere .
best chiropractor ever !
dr. warner is the best !
dr. warner is professional , respectful and caring .
he has literally improved my quality of life .
you have to experience it to feel it .
what a great experience !
he worked his magic and performed acupuncture and i walked out of his office !
i was able to walk and dance at my wedding thanks to him !
owner is great at haircuts .
good location next to starbucks .
nice , clean , relatively modern take on an old school barber shop .
jerry , an older gentleman and a good conversationalist , cut my hair .
great price , great service , i highly recommend .
so great place to go .
you will thank me later !
wow !
this place is cool .
furniture affair is awesome !
the quality of the furniture and the choices are fantastic !
great selection of model home furniture .
love coming back here to look for new treasures .
jon is very friendly and helpful .
this place is a hidden treasure in phoenix .
found so much cool stuff and ca n't wait to come back again .
i love this store .
they have really nice quality furniture for a good price .
they are nice enough staff .
check it out of you are looking for new furniture !
the place has all kinds of amazing deals .
ridiculously great prices on some really cool furniture and accessories .
i almost hate to share this discovery , it 's a hidden gem !
furniture treasure hunting heaven with a great selection and the best service ever !
good selection , good sales .
great selection of shoes and good sales .
the service is great and they are quick .
i also scored a discount on the upgrade !
this place is is awesome !
this location is very close to our house .
super friendly and makes the whole process quick and easy .
i always get the best customer services .
james is amazing and always helps me with all of my car rental needs .
thank you for your great service !
he was personable , fast , friendly , and knowledgeable .
i highly recommend this location and this gentleman .
i have been going here for years and they are consistently good .
also , the girl who works evenings is very nice .
she 's great .
with the amount of business they have , that 's impressive .
we loved this place !
they were efficient and funny too !
the artwork on my pedicure was beautiful .
recommend .
the woman who was giving me the pedicure was so sweet and welcoming .
love her .
will definitely be back .
it 's almost a month later and my toes still look great .
my new regular nail place !
great service .
good technician .
i really like to go here the nail tech is great .
lisa the owner is always very accommodating and gives a great pedicure .
the tv is great , always playing the news , which beats music .
great place !
good for a quick trim and service was friendly !
i 'll definitely keep driving up there .
we picked her up and she was very happy with the vehicle .
i will recommend to speak to neal with my eyes close .
the service is simply great and kind and effective .
the service is always done on time .
compared with other companies , the service definitely stands out with this brand .
richard was great .
thanks for being patient with the color selections .
extraordinary lexus dealer .
i felt great leaving with my new car .
i absolutely love my car and am so happy i chose lexus .
i feel extremely well taken care of and always feel respected .
makes me feel confident in the service i receive .
thank you !
my service advisor was friendly and efficient .
great experience and will definitely return !
bell lexus also takes competitors coupons !
after going to the other scottsdale dealership i was pleasantly surprised to arrive here !
genuine and honest .
then i had the pleasure of meeting neal in sales !
worth the drive !
they truly are a standout local , family owned business .
very professional and respectful .
i found my new dealership for service !
david from the service department is amazing !
the best car dealership in the valley !
always accommodating , friendly & professional !
the food , ordered to go , was really good .
chicken was tender and tasted very fresh .
in fact it all tasted really good .
obviously it is a well run restaurant for it 's class .
i enjoyed my meal here .
liked much .
amazing staff , really nice people .
good service and yummy foods !
had the pot pie , it was great .
the food is yummy and service greatly improved .
definitely recommend .
great convenient location next to my work .
friendly staff , clean and quiet .
i am satisfied with the outcome and will return to this business .
i ordered a family meal for five and a family meal for six .
the turkey was also very tender , juicy and flavorful .
it was an excellent meal and i highly recommend boston market .
good food at reasonable prices .
still loving me some sherry 's !
they do a great job with all of the above .
i highly recommend to anyone !
they are super friendly and the place was clean .
i had a wonderful first experience here !
the price was awesome too !
i will be back once a month for my pups !
so of course it will smell a little strong inside .
the staff was sweet and quick , which we needed .
great experience totally recommend .
i love this place !
they truly love the animals there .
took care of my _num_ dogs and did an awesome job .
facilities look very nice and dogs look spoiled .
very reasonable priced .
my dog loves it at sherry 's .
he loves it here .
i love how they post photos of the dogs throughout the day .
thanks to a great staff and professional groomers .
they did an amazing job !
he looks so good !
i 'll definitely be back and will be recommending everyone i know here .
they did such an amazing job !
the staff is friendly and super helpful !
our girl looks great !
i 'll definitely be coming back .
frequent visitor of this location .
they have a pretty good selection , not that i stray that much .
i love einstein .
this einstein is consistent with the others .
great location facing papa john 's across the street .
food was delicious .
very friendly and helpful service in comparison to other locations i 've been to .
i have always loved their bagels .
consistently comes to my rescue when i need a place to chill .
love their seasonal food too !
it was easily one of the best i 've had at an einstein 's !
glad to see attentive service like that .
place is always clean and service is usually fast .
yummy !
loved the bagel with lox !
i love this place !
lots of fresh bagels , nice employees , clean store .
i had to smell these delicious bagels all the way to work !
i 'm eating a cranberry one now and it is the best !
the food was some of the best italian food i have had anywhere .
this place is open !
the best food and the best service .
bottom line : it was tasty and i will probably be back .
the owner and wait staff were genuinely friendly and the food was great .
both were exceptional and reasonably priced .
what a gem of a find , thanks my fellow yelpers .
it was filling and the bartender was entertaining .
this place was excellent .
the lasagna that my husband had was average , although he quite liked it !
the house salad was also quite good !
this is such a nice little neighborhood place .
our food was excellent right down to the tiramisu that we split for dessert .
we will definitely be back .
love the place .
i really do love this place .
this place is great .
the food is good and the service is always friendly and prompt .
the eggplant is good .
we will definitely continue to go back .
the butternut squash ravioli is awesome , as is everything we 've tried .
very , very good .
top notch calamari and scampi appetizers .
excellent garlic bread .
perfect service- a really on the ball waiter .
cozy place , nicely lit made you forget about the strip mall locale .
i 'm sure the bottle of chianti helped ... but just loved the experience .
they had a singer and piano player , nice atmosphere .
i 've dined alone and brought family here over the years since _num_ .
food very good and very reasonably priced .
many locals and singles frequent the bar because of the laid-back neighborhood feel .
went with family last night ... loved it !
friday night live jazz always a pleasure .
btw ... the place was packed ... you may need a reservation !
my husband had shrimp risotto and he was enthusiastic it as well .
oh we will return for sure !
delicious meal .
veal piccata after calamari appetizer .
very good service .
a real treat !
went there last night and it was excellent as always .
we enjoyed the stuffed pork tenderloin special and the friendly service .
great local place .
thank goodness .
the service is impeccable and the food is fantastic .
decor is elegant , yet rustic .
food was very good .
overall very good dining experience .
we all left full , happy , laughing .
i dream about it .
they are super nice !
both delicious .
service was very good and liked the atmosphere .
my family really enjoyed the food and service and will be back again !
this place was so great !
great food , great little place and great service .
do n't be fooled by the outside appearance , the inside is great !
visited salute last night for a birthday party and had a wonderful time .
the food was delicious .
the service was wonderful as well .
will definitely be back to enjoy this great restaurant !
the entres come with either soup or salad - again delicious !
food was excellent and the company of thomas is always a pleasure .
a lot of times i have the daily special .
amazing traditional italian food .
true service focused business .
it was a great team effort , and showed that the whole staff cared .
warm atmosphere the sauces are homemade and delicious .
i had the filet mignon and was perfectly tender and amazing flavor .
my wife and i were here for a friend 's 40th birthday party .
today salute opened for mother 's day and we had a wonderful brunch .
owners are delightful .
great traditional italian food .
it was tangy and fresh .
the red sauce on it was fantastic .
the garlic bread they serve with dinner was crisp and light .
also liked the sweet cannoli .
i will be back for sure !
really enjoyed our night here .
the carpaccio was a fantastic appetizer .
the staff was very attentive and provided great service .
beautiful place for a date night .
both were delicious .
service was exceptional .
the service was excellent and we felt very welcomed .
this one was up there with my other favorites .
my wife had a butternut squash stuffed shells dish and it was very good .
this is a good dish for vegetarians .
salute is amazing !
from the atmosphere to the food , everything was perfect !
will definitely be coming back .
the pollo salute melts in your mouth .
will be back definitely .
excellent meal with great service .
great service !
the food is amazing !
definitely will return !
tom was our server and his was great !
great service .
authentic italian flair .
caprese salad is so good with in house home made mozzarella .
chicken parmesan is so good !
took my girlfriend to dinner here tonight and had a lovely meal .
service was excellent ; our server sam was helpful and attentive but not overbearing .
helped us with wine selections and was a great server .
the food was fantastic .
i had the lasagna and was happy .
it was n't amazing but definitely a good meal .
salads and bread came before the meal and were perfect .
the food was delicious !
definitely will be going back .
i think these guys are great .
i will continue to go to them in the future !
they got me and had a good laugh .
good service though .
i 'd recommend .
great service , good value .
i am a very happy customer , thanks to steve .
and they 've always been very nice .
i would recommend this location and company to anyone !
darren was great to work with and was very professional .
excellent service .
the service was spectacular and i highly recommend them !
good to know my buddy is putting out a great product .
really happy with the service and am going back for sure .
excellent job !
i love them here .
plus , great beer on tap to boot !
thank you !
i 've always had great service and really , really good pizza .
their cheesy garlic bread is also pretty good .
greatest pizza in the valley .
hands down the best pizza in town !
best sausage ... mmmm !
their pizza is the absolute best i have ever had .
well done !
they make a decent pizza with ample toppings and a chewy crust .
better , their sauce is sweet !
must say this is the best pizza i 've tasted in the valley !
the sauce was sweet and had a lot of tasty flavor .
you can really taste the love that was put into this pie .
square cut pizza is always easier to share with the family too .
the pizza was very good .
if you love excellent pizza , hit spinato 's .
excellent service and excellent food at a great price .
my favorite is the mama 's spinatos signature fresh calzone with ricotta .
it is out of this world good !
this place is awesome !
i was really impressed that they had a separate gluten-free menu .
all in all , i 'd recommend spinato 's .
count yourselves incredibly fortunate to be living in the age of spinato 's .
this is hands down the very best pizza place in phoenix .
the food is great -- all of their offerings .
the atmosphere is homey , and family oriented .
overall , excellent food , good prices , and real chicago style pizza .
two thumbs up !
now their pizza is my favorite !
it 's sweet and a delightful change from the corporate pizza out there .
spinato 's is by far the best pizza in phoenix .
the crust is excellent too , as is the ambiance .
my favorite pizza in town .
great pizza and great staff !
a + spinatos !
you must get the mama 's original spinach ... sooooo good .
the sauce has a sweet flavor to it .
for sure filling .
wow !
what a great pizza .
pizza was absolutely fantastic .
love ... love ... love spinatos !
honestly , one of the best pizzas in town .
the service is always great .
the sauce is on the sweet side , but i like that .
the spaghetti and meatball calzone was genius .
this place is the best pizza in phoenix !
the deliver around the mall and you can always call in and pick up !
best pizza !
all i can say is this place is absolutely amazing .
one of the best pizzas or the best pizza i 've ever tasted .
those pizzas are delicious and absolutely addictive .
service is good too .
it seems that they have good beer specials most of the time .
delicious pizza and worth every penny !
different for sure than a typical nyc pizza , but oh so good .
fantastic pizza .
definitely a new fave pizza spot for me .
absolutely the best pizza in all of arizona .
god bless the spinato family !
went here with group of friends for dinner .
two pizzas i enjoyed the most were combo and mama spinato 's pizza .
service was great even though we were eating at the balcony .
the best pizza in the great state of arizona !
the sauce is sweet just like i make at home .
toppings are fresh and plentiful without being to much .
the bruschetta is fantastic !
no reservations so be prepared to wait but it is worth it !
the take and bake option provides a great product without all the standing around .
the pizza is amazing !
it was so delish !
look forward to another trip back and work my way through the menu !
spinatos has the best pizza in phoenix by far !
spinatos is awesome .
perfect what can i say yummy .
nice place , good taste and good cheese also .
i 'm happy to say that spinato 's lived up to the hype .
probably the best place for pizza and calzones .
i love the atmosphere and service here .
its very mom & pop , but professional and fun at the same time .
joey is my favorite server .
the best pizza in town !
the ranch dressing is amazing !
the waitress was super friendly and attentive .
good service , good beer selection , very good pizza .
the gluten-free pizza at this place is amazing .
the sauce is a little sweet , but it works .
one of our favorite places for pizza !
they also have the best gluten free crust !
their family recipe sauce is sweeter than most but still very good .
incredible pizza !
garlic bread was good too !
a little pricey but totally worth it .
we definitely go back and try something different .
i love that they deliver to my home too !
this is a great place , no matter how you slice it .
so i ordered a few pies for everyone who helped me move .
love spinato 's !
eat it all the time .
toppings are always plentiful .
we were there for lunch during work and the service was great .
would def recommend this place again .
finally a great pizza place in arizona .
this sauce !
omg , tastes like home .
i 've found my go to pizza place !
please go and judge for yourself !
thank you !
best gluten free pizza ever !
absolutely phenomenal pizza .
spinato 's pizza is very very good .
it comes with extra sauce on the side .
very simple , but so delicious !
great place !
lunch prices are good .
service was fantastic .
pizza is great .
this is the best pizza my family & i have ever tasted .
we highly recommend it !
it showed up hot and delicious which says a lot about their delivery service .
well done , i def recommend to others .
ive only eaten here once but it was amazing !
the service was fast and friendly and the food was delicious .
i especially enjoy sausage , pepperoni with fresh basil .
great pizza we love to order takeout !
the pizza was delicious the beer was cold and the service was great .
the pizza here is delicious !
this is one of my favorite places to have pizza .
service is great .
very good pizza they put a nice family touch on there pies .
the red sauce is a little to sweet but good .
i love pizza but this place takes it to a whole new level .
lucky me there is one by the house and by my work .
this place is the best in phoenix and i am obsessed !
great service and just straight up tasty .
i eat here on occasion and consistently very good food and service .
their homemade sauce is to die for and unique to itself .
i have dined in and the ambiance is great .
their signature pizza ( i do n't know the official name ) is amazing .
both were amazing , but the `` signature '' pizza was a bit better .
really good .
it 's amazing !
the spaghetti is the best i have had and the pizza is bomb too .
this is a great spot for date night or take out .
this place is great !
best pizza in the valley !
love to bake at home too !
great service .
the staff was nice and very attentive to our party of _num_ .
great job .
love this place !
a real taste of chicago .
awesome pizza and calzones !
my kind of place !
really love this place .
it has a very home feel to it and everyone is super nice .
pizza is awesome , period .
great sauce , great atmosphere , and very economical for a family .
very clean , friendly and attentive to customer service .
amazing !
just found a new fav !
really good pizzas , and good service .
came here with friends last night and the experience was awesome .
i really enjoy how small spinato 's feels despite how popular they are .
wow !
we will definitely be back asap !
the staff is amazing - quality is consistent and prices are fairly reasonable !
- this is what good food is all about !
extra crispy is the way to go .
great pizza and service here .
i absolutely love this place .
there is a perfect amount of garlic in their pizzas .
its just fantastic .
great pizza !
their sausage and mushroom and the spinach and tomato were amazing !
amazing sauce like no other .
delivery takes a bit but it is well worth the wait !
great family restaurant with quality pizza and pasta at good prices .
the service is great while the pizza just tastes amazing .
we will definitely be back for my pizza cravings after church !
very , very good pizza !
this place was amazing !
also , they have pepsi products !
hands down the best pizza in town !
we are definitely sold on this hot spot for pizza !
the pizza is delicious !
worth every penny and then some .
i will definitely order from them again !
one of our family 's favorite places !
the spaghetti sauce is a bit sweeter which i love .
the pizza is good though i still prefer oregano 's .
antipasto salad was good , if not standard .
really incredible .
pizza is good !
sauce is sweet .
one of my absolute favorite places to eat in phoenix .
nicole 's new favorite pizza on thin crust is an amazing selection .
always great pizza and fast service .
my take out order was on time and kimberly greeted me with a smile .
we 'll done !
best gf crust ever !
haha , but very good and wo n't be disappointed .
went there today , and great service , quite environment , sweet yummy pizza !
if you like a sweeter sauce , i 'd recommend this place !
everything tastes top notch and worth every penny !
the pizza was one of the greatest ive ever had .
and i love pizza .
definitely a go back for very soon .
it is seasoned with rosemary and so delicious !
my favorite sauce of pizza in the valley .
just love this place .
my family is hooked ; ) someone finally brought chicago to arizona .
dream come true .
sauce is amazing and they are not skimpy on the toppings at all !
happy hour has some great deals as well !
service is always great i highly recommend going out to eat there !
the pizza is really good with wine .
best pizza in the valley .
love this place .
the sauce has a sweet taste and a little different from the norm .
they have pretty good salads but let 's face it .
such great service consistently .
enjoy it !
he did n't over bug and was very nice .
it was a nice quiet evening filled with mouth watering pizza and beer .
it 's quickly becoming my favorite date night location with my wife .
always great friendly service when dining in or taking out .
i really enjoy the family owned vibe .
highly recommend and i would eat here again !
the pizza here , phenomenal !
service is always good .
nice , mellow atmosphere .
we had the pear and pecan salad which was fresh and delicious .
the pizza was great -- fresh ingredients and arrived hot .
friendly staff .
love this place !
love it .
the spicy italian pizza has changed my life .
this place is always busy and always friendly .
the pizza is awesome !
thanks for being great !
yum yum yum !
love it !
best ive had in az !
but it was a great choice !
awesome pizza and service .
they brought it right to our hotel and we 're super friendly .
loved the garlic bread too !
great food .
i highly recommend you make reservations , especially on the weekends .
their pizza is great !
their sauce has a sweetness to it that most do n't .
the staff is really friendly and the place is pretty quaint .
all in all its a great spot to try !
ravioli with vodka sauce is the best !
service is great they are always extremely friendly and food comes out fast !
best pizza in arizona !
spinato 's is a a decent sized restaurant .
the food is very good .
the staff there is super friendly .
on our way cross town .
enjoyed the cool patio even tho temp is over _num_ .
also our service was fantastic .
this was perfect thin crust .
good there are other ones in the valley too .
pizza is always good .
its well worth the extra money for a decent pie .
the service is always great , the gluten free options are plentiful .
the food is great and so is the staff .
try the spaghetti calzone , yup it 's amazing !
the crust is cooked perfectly .
so delicious and always a good way to end a long day !
the best pizza !
get the `` get meaty '' pizza .
superb !
victoria was our waitress and she was great .
enjoyed dinner so much that we are planning a revisit .
love this place !
this place is great .
everyone that caters to the pick-up side has always been wonderful .
either way it 's still really good .
great food !
pizza and spaghetti calzone was amazing !
we will be back - thank you so much spinatos .
we found spinatos the day we moved to the _num_ st. and bell area .
amazing pizza !
i was hooked the first time we ordered .
we had an amazing experience .
maria took care of us and was so kind .
she is truly an asset to your team .
we want to always have her take care of us .
we will definitely be back again !
one of the best sub sandwiches in town .
toasted bun , warm but not too hot , and delicious meat and cheese .
excellent !
everyone loves pizza and this place does it right !
hands down the best delivery we have found in this area .
sometimes it takes closer to an hour and a half to deliver .
that tells you how awesome they are .
their pizza is always so good !
thanks for a great dinner tonight !
they are the best but how maria takes care of us is so personal .
we love her !
great food and great service !
every pizza and pasta we have had is amazing .
maria is one of the best waitress .
spinatos is definitely a must try !
i highly recommend !
i have finally found my pizza place .
everything about it was wonderful ... especially the crust .
it was perfect !
this place is great !
great service every time .
they have an awesome spaghetti calzone we all like .
our son just moved to phx and lives just up the road .
a friend of his recommended we give this place a try .
holy cow , this place was good !
also had the antipasto , which was so fresh and delicious .
awesome dressing .
guessing our son will be a regular .
it is all about the sauce !
everything else was fresh , and pizza was cooked perfectly .
i love spinatos .
highly recommend .
i love spinato 's !
i have only gotten the mama 's special , but it is always delicious .
we were served our ice teas and soda 's right away .
our order was placed and our food came out fresh and hot .
everything was fresh and tasty .
delicious calzones !
they are filling and tasty .
she is the best !
i love the food here .
the cheese ravioli is so incredibly creamy and the vodka sauce is on point .
pizza is always delicious and the staff is friendly .
life is good !
food here is amazing !
by far best pizza in town !
my husband and i love spinato 's !
this is the original location and they have the best service .
we we always share the spaghetti calzone with meatballs .
the place is affordable and original .
love the vibe at this location .
manager tim stopped by to make sure everything was great .
best in phoenix imo .
hidden gem of the north valley .
great staff .
overall , the pizza was great .
great pizza .
it costs a little more than some places but well worth it .
just enough sauce to compliment the perfect crust .
amazing food !
wonderful service - tastes like true chicago explosion in your mouth !
we will be back again and again !
it 's definitely a unique family recipe !
best pizza i 've found .
their sauce and chocolate chip cookies are incredible .
good quality , for sure .
i love spinato 's !
delicious food !
will definitely be coming back !
everything i 've tried here has been amazing .
my boyfriend and i come here at least once a month .
food is amazing .
great waitress as well .
the pizza was amazing sauce was a little sweet but i loved it .
they take pride in providing a great meal at a great price .
amazing service , amazing pizza .
this is my favorite pizza place !
the best vodka sauce and meatballs ever.
i 'm telling you ... this stuff is like crack .
good stuff !
their cannoli was delicious too !
great place to eat ... wonderful happy hour !
good stuff !
this location is by far the best pizza in north phoenix .
as is , it still deserves five stars .
our family always order the large hawaiian extra pineapple extra crispy .
what makes their pizza taste so good is the sauce .
this is our go to pizza when we crave for pizza .
amazing pizza , the crust is thin and flaky .
i love their pizza almost as much as their service !
it was so so delicious !
our waitress maria was phenomenal .
the food was amazing .
great portions and fresh ingredients .
definitely somewhere i would take family when they visit .
terrific pizza and around $ _num_ for a large .
very nice waitress .
the wait was a bit long but the pizza was worth it !
the sweet sauce is delicious and a welcomed difference compared to other pizza places .
finally found a really good pizza in paradise valley and they deliver !
top spot in this area by far .
pricey but good .
we got pizza to go last night and found ourselves pleasantly surprised .
the crust is soft and perfectly chewy .
the pizza was by far the best pizza that i have ever had .
it is a place i will be back to for sure .
this is the best pizza we have ever had .
wow !
we will definitely be back when we come to arizona again !
the service was also great !
great food !
pizza and spaghetti calzone was amazing !
excellent sausage pizza and garlic cheese bread .
they use high quality ingredients and both items were perfectly seasoned .
i will definitely be telling friends and business associates to eat here !
wow !
what a great shop !
plus rich is awesome to work with , very friendly & helpful !
friendly and inviting , this is what small businesses should be like .
outstanding all the way around .
rich was extremely helpful .
rich is great .
he spent an hour with me helping me find the perfect hat .
you can tell how passionate he is about his work .
i will be back for more !
great shop good people and they have a great website also .
heritage cleaned it up very well and it looks great .
what a great hat shop .
awesome selection !
you can go to a real hat shop and try on the perfect hat .
i drove _num_ miles to shop here and it was worth it .
huge inventory .
stopped by to get a gift certificate for a friend .
such a great store !
i 'll definitely be coming back when i need another hat !
great service and assistance with picking out the selections .
rich is an amazing guy and an arizona institution !
the hats and selection are the best in phoenix .
was very pleased with the selection and the service i received .
i will definitely be back again !
the owner was awesome and super helpful !
he told us places to visit and things to see !
definitely recommend if you 're looking for a hat !
you have to visit to believe it !
chances are he can help you become a very happy customer , too !
i love spending time here and chatting with the owner rich .
so many cool hats to choose from !
really enjoyed my experience at heritage hats .
great customer service and nice owner .
great selection for my hard to fit head .
so many beautiful hats to choose from .
both outstanding service and product .
this place is awesome !
customer service was the best .
awesome place !
he was very nice and helpful he showed me some awesome hats .
i 'm very happy and i ca n't wait to go back .
first time at heritage hats .
loved it !
looks great and he is very happy with it .
found a great cap .
rich was a great guy with fantastic customer service .
look forward to my next visit !
thanks rich .
this family is awesome !
they are very friendly people and he knows exactly what to do .
this office is amazing .
the doctors and staff at reach chiropractic are professional , competent and kind .
convenient hours , compassionate care , flexible arrangements .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
i like attending service here , even though i am not a member here .
the music is loud , but fairly well mixed .
if you 're in the area , give it a try .
can you say best church ever ?
when you come here ... you become family .
it may be a big church but , it makes it all the better .
groups are amazing .
i love it so much !
sunrise easter service was great .
music and message was wonderful .
followed by a tasty brunch and then the 9am the bridge was fantastic .
amazing church !
big place , yet still feels like a small church .
it 's a church with a heart , my heart .
the scenery and the mountains around the church is nostalgic !
the worship and the service were both amazing too .
it is an amazing show and it is difference every year .
it is definitely something i always look forward to every christmas .
looking forward to seeing what they do next year for the christmas performance .
such a comfortable church .
very friendly members and staff .
singing is incredible !
simply amazing .
we came back to germany with new joy and vision .
they put on the most amazing plays .
they did a great job and made me feel at ease .
i recommend anyone to take thier little ones .
they are kind considerate they listen and are very friendly !
the office is always clean and welcoming .
love , love , love wee care dental .
they treat us like family even when they only see us twice a year .
is it possible for kids to love going to the dentist ?
this business is recommended by discount tire locations .
good pricing and fast service .
honest , personable , and great customer service .
i will certainly be taking all my cars there from now on .
all good .
i love the honesty of this place .
if you need alignment done on your car , this is the place !
these people are a total credit to their industry !
that is real customer service .
they were very honest and the price was very fair .
the time just flew by while i was enjoying my favorite treats .
they also have coupons to print on their website .
with this kind of service and honesty , i 'll be back .
these guys are great .
i 'm still in shock they were this honest .
i am very impressed and will tell all of my friends about this place .
i had my front end alignment done and was very happy with the service .
this is a family owned business .
they were just your basic old fashioned good car guys !
just honest work with pride !
i wish them well and highly recommend !
perfect alignment - first time .
these guys are amazing .
brought it to these guys based on reviews i read online .
they put it up checked it out and found out my alignment was perfect .
i would highly recommend this place .
really honest people .
very honest and have the right equipment .
rare to find another shop to recommend but this is one of them .
this place is just awesome !
amazing experience !
once again the guys here impressed me .
they are friendly , and really experts in vehicles , beyond just alignment .
what keeps bringing me back is the honesty and expertise the folks work there .
job well done guys !
i found this place through yelp .
there 's a reason they have great reviews , they are all well deserved !
super honest and reliable staff !
i see eve here .
my hair is my best asset so i 'm always weary of cutting .
i loved my cut !
would def recommend and continue driving _num_ miles to see eve again .
shannon is the aesthetician and does a fabulous wax !
i would recommend this salon to anyone !
well , that and , i hope she gets better .
i highly recommend him to everyone !
she is a miracle worker !
like a breath of fresh air !
every hairdresser is so nice , especially robert !
i always look polished and professional .
she makes me feel like a million bucks !
love eve , you will too !
everyone here is wonderful and a lot of fun .
everyone is great , it 's like a big happy family .
everyone is super friendly and fun .
i had a great time !
rob at salon boulevard is by far the best i 've ever had .
he listened , was incredibly priced , and beyond friendly .
she was extremely professional and kind .
i would recommend her to everyone .
something that is also essential for me is cleanliness .
cleaner than any other qt i have ever been to .
very well stocked .
pleasant experience each time .
it 's also conveniently located .
and easy to navigate .
i always prefer to stop at qt 's .
it 's just a lot more comfortable .
they all look the same and are always well maintained .
bathrooms are very clean .
this is a great qt .
good staff .
good gas prices .
my secret favorite item is the bbq pork sandwich you have to micro wave .
add relish and done chipotle sauce and it 's better than a mc rib !
i ordered a soft pretzel with cheese today and it was delicious !
the staff is friendly and efficient .
i love this place .
it 's a great cause and the stuff is good .
umm this place is awesome .
this is one of my favorite thrift stores .
they have amazing prices on quality stuff .
very well organized and great prices .
definitely will be back .
i love this place .
they were really friendly , honest , and timely .
great guys , and a great place .
my car looks perfect .
i shopped around and found that their prices are very fair .
great job , very reasonable price and fast service .
i highly recommend this company .
terrific job !
it only took gilbert about an hour and it 's perfect - like new .
best starbucks around .
tip them well and they 'll take really good care of you !
it 's a nice starbucks .
this location is good .
staff very friendly and helpful and the coffee was good !
wonderful staff , great positive atmosphere !
great staff !
they are so genuine and treat you like a person , not another transaction .
this is a cute starbucks , nice staff , pretty speedy service .
this is my favorite starbucks by far .
place is also really clean .
will always come back given the chance .
plenty of tables and windows .
the corner location offers w nice view .
the plaza is easy to access and the parking is not bad at all .
it 's clean .
good coffee and fresh pastries .
a very nice starbucks location with a `` community '' vibe .
there are a lot of places to sit inside .
nice starbucks to hang out for a little while .
i will definitely be back in 4-6 weeks !
nick did a great job .
great little shop .
classic , good barbershop .
the customer service is personable and efficient .
so far the best insurance prices compare to other companies .
always friendly.
thanks so much !
this store is clean and well stocked .
great deals and rewards card .
tj is a great guy !
i always enjoy shopping at hi health .
went in today and received exceptional help from one of their employees named josh .
he was very helpful with lots of great info .
made it a very pleasant experience .
thanks josh !
she is amazing .
also , i have had pedicures and manicures here and loved the experience .
they book out because they are all great .
she had great customer service and really made the experience enjoyable .
the salon and spa is very clean and the staff were all very professional .
it was very worth my time and money .
i get rock star toes and they are amazing .
lauren is amazing !
read the fine print !
lauren was absolutely fantastic !
she was relaxed and made great suggestions .
she was very flexible and my hair turned out great .
it lasted through the summer heat and looked fantastic in pictures .
i was very impressed .
i followed brittany here so i could continue to get great hair care services .
she is an amazing stylist .
so i show up and absolutely fell in love with brittany !
shes amazing !
i love the cut that she did on my hair as well !
she does great hair and she 's hilarious and friendly .
the shop is very nice and comfortable .
everyone is great !
my service today was outstanding .
thank you bryan .
i am grateful for the excellent customer service !
they received an a rating and i can see why .
the technician was professional , kind and well informed .
outstanding !
thanks to kyle and gary for a pleasant , clean and trouble free install .
thank you howard air !
we loved our `` sales guy '' , scott .
the install crew was just amazing .
if you ever have any ac problem i strongly recommend howard air .
he also installed and set up a new digital thermostat that i had purchased .
joel , the technician was very professional and got our ac blowing cold !
service was exceptional and price was reasonable .
highly recommended !
this company is the best .
yeah call sears !
thank you for your great service .
you are appreciated !
wayne from howard air is exceptional .
excellent customer service !
highly recommend .
eat it at home and you are a-ok .
the story aside the food delivered and we enjoyed it !
by far the best taco shop in the valley .
their rolled tacos are delicious .
they also have the best red hot sauce i 've tasted yet .
very good taco shop .
one of the best taco shops around .
the food is always good .
the inside is always very clean .
absolutely the best !
always clean inside , the food is always fresh .
service very friendly .
delicious food !
love this place !
the chimichangas are great .
i also love the deep fried beef tacos .
fast service .
so , this place may look scary , but it 's so delicious !
but it 's one of my three `` go-to '' mexican spots .
my normal dish is the four rolled taco special and i just love it !
family owned .
great true mexican food !
to say these guys are honest and helpful is an understatement .
the staff there is very friendly and understanding of your situation .
definitely my go to for all the maintenance needs of my cars .
steve is solid .
steve and his team have been thoughtful , thorough and great value .
so there must be a reason why - it must be their great service .
the free rental car made life extremely easy while fixing my car .
such a great experience taking my car here !
steve was awesome !
thank you !
thank you for dependable service at a reasonable cost !
thanks for all your help jim !
i have loved online shopping for as long as i can remember .
however , i recently moved about a mile away and wanted some boots .
they have great service and good advice .
i am happy about this for sure .
the staff is very knowledgeable and will steer you in the right direction .
thank you and i will continue to use cycle gear for my future purchases .
they were pleasant to deal with .
the entire staff was fantastic and very reassuring !
the prices were reasonable and the care was fantastic !
they even squeeze me in the same day if something comes up .
the customer service is great .
i absolutely love the whole staff .
they are all so nice and their prices are very reasonable .
talk about nice people !
helping us locate a very cool t-shirt for the man .
history museum beats out all others and showroom is brilliant and modern .
great staff and cordial .
other wise a solid dealership with a great selection and very cool bike museum .
always get pretty good service from the parts guys here .
the employees are friendly .
he 'll help you find the perfect ride .
this is a great place to go and i would trust them thoroughly .
hope you liked the pizza .
thanks richard .
you guys are number one !
talk to chris in service department for answers to your questions .
everyone is always fantastic .
always have beautiful inventory and are willing to make the deal work .
i enjoy everyone and love doing business with this great group of people .
coming in for some shirts , we also got great advice on eats !
it 's a harley store ... they are all uniquely the same .
it 's the people and conversation that really matter !
every hd dealership has great people , you just have to connect .
ok , i found this place with my family a couple of months ago .
the best thing about manuel 's is that the food is consistently good .
the green corn tamales , in particular are fantastic .
good service and friendly atmosphere .
this is just a good place to go !
i love this place .
i love the food though .
relaxed atmosphere .
food is good and exactly what you would expect from a traditional mexican restaurant .
traditional mexican cuisine , unbelievably friendly staff , and the worlds greatest bartender .
i highly suggest you make this a regular spot .
delicious !
this place is great .
it 's an old family favorite .
service is always friendly and prompt .
every christmas eve we order party platters and always have a great experience .
the decor is nice and we always have a good time .
shannon was right this will be a favorite of ours for healed to come .
i love this place .
great salsa , fresh chips .
the margarita 's are delish and the service has always been good to excellent .
definitely get the queso dip .
this is the best mexican food and manuel 's in the valley .
my wife and i love going here .
pollo especial is excellent .
having said that , the rest of their menu is pretty fantastic , too .
first time here and it was great .
fast , friendly and the food was amazing .
will come here again .
i love this place !
my almost _num_ year old daughter loves this place !
it is amazing !
favorite place to eat !
consistent good food .
prices are good .
love the chips and salsa !
our server pedro is spot on , personable and on his toes .
the staff has always been efficient and friendly .
hopefully , we will all continue for another _num_ years .
great enchiladas .
chips and salsa = good .
salsa is a little sweet and tastes fresh .
service is superb .
delicious !
my husband had carne asada and it was so moist and tender !
loved loved loved the chips and salsa !
miguel was an excellent waiter loved the food decor .
my family and i always enjoy eating here .
the food is always fresh and the staff is very friendly .
still worth the trouble !
they 're the best i 've ever had !
everything is soooo good !
the best mexican food i 've tried so far in the area .
the carne asada was the best i 've had .
definitely will be back and we will recommend manuel 's .
love this place !
everything at this restaurant is great , including the service !
the tortilla soup is one of the best i 've ever had .
the presentation of the soup makes it the best .
drinks are strong so be careful there .
great salsa , great cheese crisps , great everything .
i love this place .
very friendly environment .
great food .
would recommend this place to anyone who loves mexican food .
i enjoyed a shredded beef chimichanga .
beef was nice and tender , and the rice was cooked perfectly .
i enjoyed the decor , and the service was very good .
awesome place to eat !
great food , i like mild salsa and theirs is just right for me .
they are the best .
it 's a trendy yet comfortable place which is family owned .
i felt very comfortable and welcome the whole visit .
i would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a great quality hair cut .
great people .
exceptional stylists .
dave has always impressed me .
love this place !
i hear chuck does great hair as well .
very impressed with this place and look forward to my next appointment !
i got a full color and cut and it was exactly what i wanted .
the atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming unlike a lot of other salons .
i will definitely be back and recommending others to go !
the pad thai and yellow curry here are both amazing dishes .
the lunch pricing is reasonable , and the service is quite good .
this place rocks !
it 's a small family owned place and very authentic thai !
beware , medium is hot so be prepared .
it is one of my favorite places to eat .
and their thai coffee and coconut ice cream is absolutely delightful .
but regardless , this is some seriously good eats !
best thai food ever !
the tom yum soup is spicy and very tasty .
thai red curry is fabulous .
this is true authentic amazing thai food !
really amazing !
the pad thai was really good as well .
my partner and i both loved them and will eat them again .
great thai food .
fast service , inexpensive lunch , and good service .
curry - fantastic ... ... ... .
loved the chili fried rice - delicious !
very good and spicy thai food !
i ordered it medium and it had a serious kick .
i was pleasantly surprised and will definitely make another visit .
the inside was casual and clean .
love this restaurant !
they always accommodate and are incredibly friendly !
outstanding food and wonderful people .
pad thai is great , yellow curry better .
beware of the spice !
i shared the spicy fried rice , pad thai , and hot curry catfish .
all were excellent with great flavor !
the jalapeos definitely up the heat factor and overall its a great dish .
great food at an even better price .
the inside i 'd clean and neat .
as a regular to this place , i recommend giving it a try .
wow !
we 'll be going back and/or picking up take-out again !
the service was excellent .
both were great .
yet this has got to be the best thai restaurant in the northeast valley .
it 's a very small restaurant and service was very nice .
so i was delighted to find this place on a business trip .
service was quick and efficient and the prices for lunch were excellent .
this is my favorite thai food place !
the owners are a older couple , very nice people .
the food is consistent , and always fresh .
food was good , staff was friendly , and thai hot is thai hot .
give it a try !
the food has been reliably delicious .
very friendly people and good service , i even left a tip .
i ordered the red curry tofu extra spice and it was very delicious .
however , the flavors were still there so i got it to go .
delicious .
i ordered it `` hot '' and that was plenty spicy for lunch !
they serve consistently fresh and tasty thai food at reasonable prices .
service is excellent .
great lunch specials !
great place for lunch !
fast and tasty .
most authentic thai ive ever had !
amazing food !
some of the best curry we have had !
the food is always good .
very tasty .
wow .
i have had the yellow and green chicken curry and both were delicious .
i have had both dishes to go and they give a generous portion .
will definitely go back for more and try their dishes .
nice pleasant atmosphere inside .
service is good .
great flavors .
simply yummy !
they have two levels above that , so i figured i was ok .
amazing !
we ordered red curry & panang curry and they both were so good .
my mouth was at a perfect balance of on fire and delicious .
i would definitely recommend .
very authentic and well priced .
portion sizes are generous and the staff is very friendly .
food was hot and tasty !
tom kha was good , not my personal favorite but good .
very good overall - i will be back !
great food if you like spicy stuff !
i highly recommend the chai tea .
very sweet , but absolutely delicious .
i order thai basil chicken and the flavors really blended well .
also order the drunken noodles and enjoyed both dishes immensely .
excellent !
wish they 'd open one up closer to queen creek !
the service was pretty quick .
i love curry and i love spicy and this place delivers !
the hot is on the edge of the max i can take .
give it a try and thank me later .
i think their food is delicious !
i highly recommend it .
the staff is always polite and the service is great .
i found this place a few months ago and fell in love .
the food is great , the atmosphere nice and i enjoy coming back .
love it and recommend it .
this place is great !
awesome neighborhood spot .
great thai food at really reasonable prices .
best thai in phoenix .
by far best thai around .
service is great , menu huge , food is awesome .
also chicken is super lean and awesomely prepared .
do yourself a favor and eat here .
fresh classic traditional cuisine .
always amazing .
i 'd recommend this place more for dinner than for lunch .
it 's delicious , but it could use more eggplant .
everything was delicious .
i will definitely come back .
the restaurant is attractive , and very comfortable .
best thai place in phoenix or west valley .
great for lunch or dinner .
tasty .
this is my favorite thai place in phoenix and around .
its really authentic thai .
the chicken satay is great too .
we are a regular here and would recommend to everyone .
food here is awesome !
the pad thai was delicious and i loved the vegetarian spring rolls .
i will definitely be back again !
the thai tea is really good as well .
overall it was very good and tons of food !
omg amazing !
great food ... consistently .
spice level `` hot '' is just right .
the food here is great .
excellent service , decent food .
you will certainly start sweating .
will definitely come back and try their dinner menu .
i love this place .
a mom 'n pop place serving very good thai food at good prices .
great thai food here .
it 's small and a little tucked away but definitely worth finding .
everything from appetizer to desert has been amazing .
food is always wonderful and quick .
service is good as well .
prices are very reasonable .
the food here is fantastic , as is the service .
this place was amazing .
the pad thai i ha was outstanding !
great service .
great lunch specials got more than i expected .
excellent flavor .
fantastic .
great job keep it up !
i love this place .
the staff is always so nice too !
vegetarian dishes are awesome !
sticky rice for dessert is very tasty , too !
delicious .
highly recommend.
yellow curry is my personal favorite !
there fried wontons are amazing with an amazing sauce .
i always have there yellow curry , and it is amazing .
prices are good and nice serving size for great leftovers .
the yellow curry is very spicy but still worth it !
you have to come to this place !
extremely authentic with very nice service and a good interior ( not great ) .
excellent tom yum and tom kha and panang curry .
service is great .
spectacular food and great people at a great price !
kind of in a ghetto strip mall , but definitely worth the trip .
the food was excellent and the experience was fantastic .
enjoy !
good service .
nice little place on bell rd .
friendly staff .
generous portions .
clean place .
what a great place !
the lunch menu had a lot of great options with fair prices .
the chicken fried rice was great !
we are excited to have this place so close !
very attentive staff and very friendly .
food was excellent .
i love spice and this place sure delivered .
it was incredible .
great flavor , great spice .
this place is a hidden gem and i would definitely go back !
first time here and very happy .
this is a great , small family oriented place .
the tom kha soup was excellent .
complex flavors with spice - front & mid tongue !
love this little , genuine place !
their soups are a must !
the green curry was delicious .
i love thai food and this place was amazing !
the gf likes everything super hot and it was !
it 's a small place , but the service was great .
service is quick and personable , and prices are absolutely reasonable .
place is very nice looking inside .
it was real good not as good as two sisters but almost as good .
also ordered two fried spring rolls .
the best thai food i have ever had is here !
amazing service .
great for carry out , great dine-in .
really good thai food and very nice people .
a small thai food joint with excellent ambience and very good inexpensive food .
i really liked this place !
i ordered the chicken pad thai and it was excellent .
i recommend coming during lunch and getting the yellow curry or pad thai .
overall great service , good atmosphere and yummy food .
really solid thai fare .
spicy fried rice with medium spice was wonderful .
my daughter ordered the yellow curry and it was excellent !
very welcoming and attentive waitstaff !
will return !
they have the best red curry ever !
the flavor is amazing .
the lunch menu is excellent .
my favorite curry in town !
the place is wonderfully located with nearly stores not opened during dinner time .
will definitely be back .
this is a great little mom and pop place .
they are attentive and service is great .
their egg rolls are savory and not too greasy .
excellent food !
i ordered the sweet and sour chicken and it was incredibly delicious .
the service was also excellent .
i highly recommend going here !
what a great little place .
and the noodles were perfect .
had a very good experience .
every thing was served hot and tasty .
price was very reasonable .
food is great !
service was fast and friendly .
very reasonably priced and some of the best in the valley .
their spring rolls are tasty too .
i have tried many dishes and the ton kha gai soup is my favorite .
very nice food and good service .
we eat here all the time .
great food .
great staff .
i have to update my review .
i love this place and everyone i usually bring here loves it too .
very good !
it 's always right , delicious and fast !
this is a wonderful place .
service was excellent .
excellent thai food which is only surpassed by their beautiful thai hospitality .
this is the kind of place where you are always welcomed .
i highly recommend !
the food is always fresh , consistent and flavorful .
the ladies that work here are so sweet and their service is always fast .
the establishment is very clean , including the bathroom .
huge bonus !
one of our favorite spots for date night .
and their free soup is so yummy !
love it !
amazing , authentic thai food .
their spice scale is strong , so order less if you are not sure .
spicy levels are mild , medium , hot , and thai hot .
the staff is very friendly and welcoming .
finally delicious thai food in phoenix !
we will definitely be back !
i love this place .
the food is consistently great , the service is prompt and polite .
small space but comfortable ; _num_ booths with seating in the middle .
they have a great menu with a lot of variety .
the food here is delicious !
and the service was excellent .
i will eat here again and again and again !
their curries were spicy and full of flavor and their spring rolls were delicious !
one of the more authentic thai places i have found in arizona !
really good food !
i will definitely return in the future .
this place is just excellent .
all excellent with plenty left to take home .
best thai restaurant in phoenix !
if you like thai food this is the place to go !
food is excellent here .
great lunch specials .
love this place .
but , i chalk that up to the food being so good .
amazing thai food !
delicious but beware thai spicy is no joke .
i am here all the time and i love it !
the eggplant dish is a great vegetarian option .
love this place !
always love to go this place .
nice family owned restaurant and very good thai food and people too .
good for the local economy .
our rooms were a family room , guest bedroom and master bedroom .
it 's nice to know that they are still in business !
the staff had a lot of positive energy and was very hospitable .
i just rented my second unit here .
and a clean , well maintained storage place .
this is one of the best self storage in phoenix and the surrounding area .
the woman the set me all up was very friendly .
she was very busy but very nice .
worth the money .
great facility and staff !
pat and carl are very friendly and helpful .
prices are very fair and the facility is clean .
great business .
the new managers are doing a great job .
they were very friendly and helpful during my move in day .
very clean and well maintained facility .
great for carry out and they have a large delivery area !
crispy chicken with the right amount of sauce .
and they deliver ... we 'll probably do delivery next time .
decided to try a new chinese restaurant and i 'm very impressed .
thank god !
the sesame beef , general tso 's and house lo mein are really good .
those dishes are n't bad , but definitely not their best .
best chinese food around .
took me awhile to find a good place .
my local delivery place .
they even remember my special order .
their staff is also friendly over the phone and their drivers are also friendly .
one of the best places for chinese food in the north valley !
when i find a good chinese restaurant i stick with them .
love this place .
best chinese food place around !
i love this food it is so delicious !
best customer service !
we are big eaters and even this was a lot of food for us .
ordering was fast and easy and it took about _num_ min for delivery .
it 's clean and big , and always has a ton of staff .
they are incredibly friendly and do fast , great work .
prices are incredibly reasonable .
very clean , very friendly and very good with kid services .
love this place .
it 's a full service salon .
they also do top notch eyebrow waxing .
it 's very clean , too .
my favorite techs are lisa and ann .
wait , cute nails , good price & a half back massage !
i had lisa and she was really nice , i 'll totally be back .
love this place !
they do great full sets and are super friendly .
highly recommend going here !
prices are good too !
friendly employees and reasonable prices .
the shop is clean .
i have been going to anthony lee nails now for a few months .
the place a little small but clean overall and customer service is always great .
i love panda !
its always been a favorite of mine .
the service is always quick , easy and out the door .
both visits exceptional !
service was great with samples offered .
thanks panda at 9th n bell rd .
i love panda !
my favorite food is the sweet fire chicken !
i love panda express .
excellent customer service , and very clean as well .
i absolutely love this location !
the guy at the register apologized multiple times which i thought was great .
great location , great food , great service .
this is one of my kid 's favorite place .
trust me .
my whole family has been going to mark 's since before i can remember .
do yourself a huge favor and check him out !
best shop in the valley .
very honest and reasonable .
this is the best chiropractor i 've ever been to .
and he is a super nice man .
prices are so reasonable .
i found this unit to be as impressive , with accomodating staff .
the staff is great .
it is a clean well run storage facility .
great food and prices are perfect .
$ _num_ pitchers of margaritas are strong !
great food for low prices .
this place has done everything right for me .
i will be a loyal customer for life .
thanks guys you are awesome .
i do entertainment professionally , i will tell everyone about this place .
love these guys !
they did quality work and seem trustworthy .
definately recommended .
these guys are honest , reliable and save you money .
i highly recommend this shop !
they offer most services , and their prices are very reasonable .
excellent service !
she is the new owner and she is a true artist .
i highly recommend this hair salon !
she has amazing talent and by far the best colorist in town .
highly recommend !
... professional and caring .
highly recommended .
very professional and fun .
i hear that she also does wedding hair .
i highly recommend visiting this salon and come out looking fabulous .
he is such a sweetheart !
say hello to techs justin and chad who are very kind and helpful .
their prices are always reasonable .
always fair and honest service .
quick service times and nice guys .
love !
i love this firestone .
every time i come in the staff is so friendly .
i highly recommend them .
i know you will see what i see .
then you will be hooked here for all your car needs .
i recommend this location to anyone !
they pride themselves on honesty and integrity .
this location has super friendly staff and quick service .
service was great .
the service is great here .
friendly service , great prices and in and out in no time .
best service ever !
i will never go anywhere else and highly recommend these guys !
love this place !
consistent , good work and customer service .
thank you for what you do here at this firestone .
i think this speaks to the quality of their service .
also , they are always polite and courteous .
i appreciated their awesome customer service and thorough work .
definitely will use them again .
they are always trustworthy and more than fair .
this is a great place .
the food is always great and so is the service .
it has a kind of family atmosphere .
they were very friendly and helpful .
very happy to be taking my puppy there again .
thank you my friend , as always , i am proud of you .
highly recommended !
he is now doing great and we have a new vet !
just got my dogs nails cut here .
it was like magic !
just got my dogs nails cut here .
it was like magic !
the staff was friendly and helpful .
thanks to all for taking such good care of my baby !
thanks to her i have my pup .
i would definitely recommend them .
kudos for setting the bar so high !
sooo cute !
thanks for giving us a home we can trust desert hills !
your passion for the care of animals is not only apparent but appreciated !
the staff makes you feel very welcome and are very passionate about their jobs .
she was really great .
i 'd recommend this to anyone in the area i know !
i 'd recommend it .
i have always had fresh food here .
the service is nice and simple .
the place was clean and the price was excellent .
great cheap mexican food , quesadillas are excellent !
i come here pretty often and the food has always been great .
happy hour specials are awesome ( _num_ cent tacos and cheap drinks ) .
good service too .
my whole family loves this place .
the burritos are huge ; enough for two meals for me .
my daughter loved the soft tacos with carne asada beef .
the food is good .
great salsa bar .
this place is yummy and super affordable !
they 're moving to a different spot in the same shopping center .
the salon itself is very stylish and clean .
i was very satisfied with the overall experience .
amazing !
they both were great .
i would recommend this salon to anyone .
she loves it too !
the salon owner recommended emily , who is new the sincerely yours staff .
sincerely yours is great .
the salon is clean and pleasant , everyone inside seemed happy to be there .
everyone is warm and friendly .
the owner patricia is amazing and my current stylist emily is fantastic !
i always get a great haircut and love the atmosphere of the salon !
it is such a pretty color and so easy to care for .
thanks , ashley .
check it out !
this place is it !
i typically get a partial and a cut with layers .
just got a great cut and style from joseph george ( joey ) .
highly reccommend !
hopefully i can get ashley again !
i just moved back from denver after seeing the same stylist for years .
she 's extremely talented and it shows , i get compliments every day !
crystal helped make my hair look better , she is very nice and friendly !
love this place !
my hair always looks so so good !
great place with a great staff !
highly recommend !
another stylist even came over & complemented cynthia 's work .
i liked that they were professional , friendly & competent .
love this place !
everyone was so friendly and very detailed .
definitely going there again .
absolutely fantastic salon !
i would highly recommend everyone go see cynthia !
the staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable .
danielle was awesome , and my hair !
brad is the best .
love it !
i absolutely love it !
danielle was wonderful .
she listened to what i wanted and did a great job with my hair .
she did her normal fantastic job !
danielle cut and colored my hair and i look and feel much better !
i found the whole vibe of the salon to be upbeat and friendly .
will definitely go back for both nail and hair services .
danielle gave me a fantastic haircut and fixed my layers .
thanks to yelp , i 've found this great salon .
danielle is truly amazing ... a great stylist and person !
this is a full service salon in every sense of the word .
marina 's service was outstanding .
i got a full body wax , she was efficient and fast .
marina - who does manicures , pedicures and waxing is the best .
she makes you always feel comfortable and relaxed .
the bonus : she is delightful .
marina is awesome !
she does wonderful threading as well .
i have recommended her to others as well !
she was great !
super knowledgeable and friendly which made for a great experience .
she did an amazing job on my hair .
thanks to yelp , i found this great salon .
i would recommend this salon to anyone who is looking for a new one .
thank you jennifer for the new hair , i love it !
danielle is fantastic .
it is now super short and looks amazing !
love her !
danielle did an amazing job !
ashley is amazing !
i love my color !
ashley listened to exactly what i wanted about color and cut !
i had a fabulous experience and already made my next appointment !
read yelp reviews and also chose sincerely yours based on location .
ashley was great !
happy customer : - ) !
honestly i do n't think the pictures do the color justice .
i 've had a great experience here and will continue to come back !
called them on a whim and ashley got me right in .
i will definitely go back .
very nice staff and love my color !
definitely worth trying .
as it turns out that was the best decision .
i always leave looking and feeling great .
everyone is very nice and makes you feel comfortable .
their prices are amazing for the quality that you get .
ashley is amazing !
i will definitely be returning and will recommend to many others !
thank you !
krystal was my stylist and i must say , she was amazing !
i recently moved from surprise and was looking for a new salon .
the results are astounding !
ashley was absolutely amazing and gave me a complete makeover !
this is the best i have felt about myself in months !
thank you !
my hair stylist was lindsey and she was amazing !
definitely my new stylist while i am in arizona !
ashley is my new hairdresser , she is fantastic !
i am so happy yelp led me to this place .
she really takes time to listen and knows just what to do .
danielle is a genius !
thanks danielle !
oh , and they have an amazing referral program !
marina does nails here and she is awesome !
very professional , always timely , and always does a great job .
she also does european threading and full body wax .
she is amazing and can accommodate any need .
she does pedicures , manicures , threading and waxing .
ashley has incredible skills as a stylist , especially with color !
thank you for your artistry ashley !
jen is amazing !
she knows what she is doing and is very honest .
i love getting my hair done by her she is the best .
kaitlyn is no nonsense and is just a pleasure .
oh , and the best part ... my hair cut is great every time !
ashley is fantastic !
i had a wonderful experience .
stephanie gave me an incredible hair cut and style .
it 's exactly what i wanted .
now i can go on my trip to hawaii feeling great !
thank you stephanie , your my hero !
my boyfriend and i came in today and we both look fantastic !
marina is amazing !
she does an amazing job and i highly recommend her .
marina is amazing !
professional , efficient and loving !
i am so picky and she always does an amazing job !
she clearly knows what she is doing .
will be going back !
i came in on a saturday afternoon , new in town .
she was amazing !
i 've been seeing ashley for over a year now and she is amazing .
she does a great haircut and color every time !
i had a great experience here .
in the end , i got the style exactly i wanted .
i will definitely come back .
they are honest , upfront and stand behind their quality of workmanship !
thank you dawn for your help !
anytime there is a noise , who knows what it really is .
top shelf all the way .
their service is next to none and they are very fair on their prices .
thanks !
i 've found my trusted auto mechanic !
i liked it that much !
love them both .
really good food !
i 'm so stuffed !
we 'll definitely be back .
the staff was very polite and attentive .
i highly recommend the lettuce wraps .
i moved to the neighborhood in _num_ and was instantly addicted to dragon bowl .
it 's worth it plus gratuity on most occasions .
new management has put together a vast menu .
all delicious .
hopefully they 'll have a little more help .
very good !
our favorite chinese place in town !
the dumplings are also great .
we really appreciate that they deliver to our house , and fairly quickly !
the place has really turned around and food tastes great !
good bang for the buck on portion size .
egg drop soup is great !
unexpectedly delicious chinese food .
i have ordered delivery twice with both times being delicious .
absolutely one of the best hidden gems in north phoenix for chinese .
dragon bowl has such consistantly fantastic chinese food !
it 's the best chinese i 've had in phoenix !
loving this place all the food is good too .
we ordered take out for a family celebration yesterday and were pleasantly surprised .
the egg rolls are on the small side , but good .
the order arrived much sooner than expected , and everything was nice and hot .
we will definitely be ordering from dragon bowl again !
when i arrived to pick up the order , the hostess was incredibly friendly .
we will definitely be ordering again !
good food , great prices , and quick .
came with egg rolls and wontons which were also great .
excited to have this great chinese joint so close by !
that said - the quality and quantity of the food fairly reflect the price .
just moved into neighborhood and found this restaurant on yelp .
the food was hot , flavorful and price was very reasonable .
they have take-out and do delivery which is a bonus .
great lunch prices and you get a lot of food .
seriously !
this place is by far the best !
their shrimp fried rice is so delish !
i was shocked how great the food was in this unassuming strip mall .
i have to say i really liked it .
and the egg rolls were delicious .
great food , i ordered the orange chicken and white rice .
the food was hot , fresh and very tasty .
this place has the best chinese food .
however it was worth it , the food was great .
delicious !
also the service was great .
i eat here a couple times a year .
my whole family loves this place as well .
love this place .
we eat here at least once a month .
amazing prices for a ton of food .
the food is always great , no complaints at all .
they delivered it promptly and the food was excellent .
i was impressed .
definitely ordering from them again !
for chinese take out , this is probably the best option in the area .
so , this place is great !
now i 'm not big into tofu , but this was excellent .
i have had them cater a birthday , and everyone loved the food .
restaurant was the best chinese food i 've very had .
my waitress rebecca was absolutely the best .
the food here is addicting !
the food is excellent and service is fast .
dragon bowl is my go to spot for chinese food !
we get this all the time and they do such a great job !
their food is super good and they will deliver !
staff is super friendly too !
just all around good food .
we got three different entrees and all were amazing .
the vegetable lo main was delicious and not to even mention the crab puffs .
my god those were perfect .
definitely recommend to everyone .
great portions , great price , and delicious food .
i recommend checking them out !
clean , no nonsense , fresh hot food !
definitely going back .
this place has become our new favorite chinese delivery .
the egg drop soup is delicious , as is the house chicken .
the serving sizes are generous .
worth it .
wonderful food , the delivery was fast and the food still hot .
food is delivered still hot and fresh .
i 'll definitely come back .
great spot !
i recommend the mongolian beef , ask for it spicy !
kung pao chicken is great too .
what a nice surprise that the food was very good !
the menu is extensive with all of the items you would expect to find .
had a couple visits since with the same great food !
beef and broccoli was good too .
i 'll definitely be ordering again .
great little spot for good quality , great tasting chinese food .
by far the best chinese food in no .
great food and fast and friendly service .
my favorite chinese food place here in az !
a little pricey , but i 'll pay extra for this amazing quality .
i love that they deliver , and they are usually super quick .
wonderful customer service , and an overall great chinese food place .
i highly recommend trying !
i love it.
sally is the best .
she is a very gifted seamstress and has helped me save many o outfits .
the staff is also very helpful & friendly .
my experience has been very positive .
quick and efficient day cleaning .
the pricing is appropriate and everything i have done is quality .
i definitely recommend to anyone in the north central area .
terrific service , friendly and fast with excellent prices !
my husbands suits , shirts and ties came out looking better than new !
our family has been going here for years and will continue to do so .
thank you !
again , i am one happy customer !
they have a tip jar , thank goodness !
i love this place !
great place and great peeps !
thumbs up !
always very very professional and courteous .
this store is immaculate and the product selection is very nice .
love qt gas stations !
always clean restrooms and floors .
they have the best selection for every convenient need , especially beer !
i 'll definitely be keeping him in mind as we move in !
they are the best !
as a rule , everything is done well .
i would definitely recommend them and have to a friend .
great guys !
honest and trustworthy .
nick is a super nice guy .
amy in the office is friendly and prompt .
i had scott out to my home and he was amazing !
great job !
russ continued the great service with styles , colors and recommendations .
great work !
highly recommend them !
russ and his team really are the best .
they are reliable , knowledgable and just nice guys .
the staff was very friendly and professional .
the national memorial cemetery put on a very good memorial service for my uncle .
i can indulge on their stuff whenever !
it 's a crispy , fun filled combo for me .
all around great place .
they staff is awesome !
my dogs love going there !
great day care , caring vets , and an awesome staff .
doggie day care is awesome !
they are always helpful and answer all of our questions .
they also have boarding and day care .
the staff is caring and does a great job .
we also like to go to their play days and meet new friends .
i would recommend this clinic to any and all animal lovers .
the staff is very friendly and you can tell they are animal lovers .
i was so impressed that they had watched her so well .
i feel extremely confident in her safety when i leave her in their care .
they have great boarding rates as well .
my dog loves going here !
they always come back from boarding happy and clean .
thanks for taking such great care of our family members !
staff was very nice and my baby pumpkin seemed to have enjoyed her stay .
excellent docs and groomers .
love these guys !
this place is absolutely wonderful .
i would recommend them to anyone !
customer service has always been great .
they are excellent for boarding and good for vet care .
i thought this was exceptional .
this place is wonderful .
dr. grant is the best !
she was so well behaved .
he has now become our new best friend .
great place !
my pup and i love it here .
he always come home happy .
i am so grateful we found them !
thanks guys .
everyone knows ginger and chance when we walk in .
love this place !
love the atmosphere for the dogs to wonder around in the office .
this is my go-to spot for mani-pedi 's and brow waxing .
the place was clean and inviting .
my massage was amazing !
and the polish and selection was good !
i love this place !
they give great services for the price .
they take care of their clients .
i love the work they do and they 're cheap !
so worth the trip !
i love this place !
kenny is awesome !
the owner is super cool and friendly .
it 's nice and clean and bright and open .
she was very good !
very clean and quick technique .
i recently moved to the area and will definitely be back !
this salon is great .
great prices , very clean and great service .
great find .
highly recommend !
i 'm in love !
very nice people working here and they do a good job .
was a `` walk in '' and they took care of me right away .
the salon was very clean and the chairs comfy .
will be visiting again !
luckily i brought my own polish so i could touch it up .
very happy with service .
good service and price .
thank you yelpers !
i found also found this place to be awesome !
excellent price too .
the salon is very clean and tastefully decorated .
i 'll definitely visit again !
very happy .
very nice girls , clean salon and quick service .
this place is so clean .
they engage you and talk directly to you and no cross talking .
i really like coming here and always leave satisfied .
they do such a good job .
a spa pedi is only _num_ and its amazing .
steven is the best here .
he does a great french pedicure .
the price is great ca n't beat it .
i had a great experience .
great experience .
friendly technician .
everyone is great , my favorite is lynn .
she is super talented !
very impressed ... hannah did a great job .
but i would certainly recommend !
overall great experience everytime i have been in here .
very consistent in here as far as cleanliness and service .
best nail salon i 've been to in the valley .
love this place !
they are great !
friendly service .
i recommend going in the mornings on a weekday if you can swing it .
i have had one mani and one pedi done and i love both .
they have a nice large selection of gel nail polish and regular nail polish .
the decor inside is pretty and clean .
i 've been here four times and each time was relaxing .
and they turn out perfect !
they also have a great coffee machine and water .
the people are super nice and great at what they do .
salon is trendy and certainly fancy !
pedicure includes a wonderful and lengthy foot and leg massage .
hundreds of nail polish color options and competitive pricing .
everyone is really nice and takes their time .
awesome experience , brenda took her time and did a great job .
definitely the cleanest nail salon i 've ever seen .
amazing colors of gel and regular polish .
friendly and detailed staff .
very sweet and friendly .
she was quick and did a great job .
another girl did my pedi and i was happy with that as well .
the place was nice looking and clean and i liked the service .
had an absolutely wonderful experience here this past weekend !
he did a great job and took his time.
this will be my new favorite place to go .
very friendly love the big tv !
i will be back and this is my new nail place !
came here yesterday for a gel mani and pedi .
tina did both my hands and feet and both are completely on point .
thanks guys !
hannah did a great job and i will be back for sure !
this place is absolutely fantastic !
i did not have an appointment , but they got me in right away .
i had a full mani-pedi and an absolutely thrilled with the results .
hannah also was great .
i definitely recommend this place !
still getting great service several years later !
best & cleanest nail shop in northeast phoenix !
david & his nail techs have the latest colors !
you will love it here !
best & cleanest nail shop in northeast phoenix !
david & his nail techs have the latest colors !
you will love it here !
thanks david & awesome nail techs !
first time at this place and they just got a loyal customer .
excellent service as i was passing through and needed immediate service .
professional and my gel nails lasted _num_ weeks !
dilly bar .
good place with cheap tasty food .
the soft serve is fabulous , i love it dipped in chocolate !
this is a clean and efficient dq .
the staff seem to all be interested in doing a great job .
love this place !
clean , clean , clean !
manager and staff are friendly .
good food and desserts !
it was still really good though !
i found it right away - it was literally the first label i read .
i love this place !
seriously , even at $ _num_ it 's a great value .
good job candy store !
t & a got to love it !
drinks and dj were great .
she also happened to be the best dancer we saw all night .
they were all very talkative and fun to visit with .
both visits were great .
most girls are attractive , while some are a bit older at this place .
overall a great atmosphere !
top notch establishment , will visit again !
love this place .
the music was pretty good .
the dancer was fantastic .
she was quite outgoing and very talented .
enjoyed this club .
keep up the hard work !
our place looks fabulous !
a great experience !
thanks !
they have an amazing and unique selection and are always bringing in new stock .
well worth your time to check them out !
very nice nursery .
beautiful !
i will come back !
they are the the best !
so amazing , patient , helpful and full of knowledge .
friendly staff !
well _num_ .
janet and other groomers are great with the dogs .
price is good and we always walk away happy !
jen is amazing.
fair price and quality service - ca n't beat that !
well done !
i have stayed with them for several years because of the service i receive .
i would recommend this shop to anyone .
i love love love this groomer !
they love animals and it shows in their service .
we love coming here !
everyone is so nice and my doggies look so cute !
these are the best groomers .
the price is also very good !
love this place .
it 's affordable and they are super with my babies .
i recommend this place to everyone .
the owner is very friendly , and is very good at her job .
i will definitely be bringing all of my dogs here from now on !
highly recommend !
absolutely love them !
all of the staff is so friendly and my dog loves them all !
i would highly recommend them !
this place is awesome .
very friendly staff , everyone looked great when i picked them up .
prices are good and plan to continue to use these guys from here out !
jennifer has a kind and gentle approach to handling dogs which i appreciate .
excellent people to work with .
good people .
just driving away from this wonderful place .
there is something to keep everyone entertained .
it 's rough around the edges but that 's the beauty behind it .
best dive bar ever .
best place on the north side .
good prices and friendly staff !
the magazine selection is decent , too .
the employees are friendly and helpful .
these guys are sharp and very informative .
the shop is clean and well maintained too .
good price , good guys .
great place to go for an oil change or other services .
the wait went by fast and everything was at a great price .
fast , polite , and painless .
i will definitely be returning !
i liked this location .
clean place and friendly staff .
fast and pleasant .
i love this place !
great price , so convenient .
everyone is always at the top of their customer service game .
as an added bonus , the waiting room is impeccable .
always clean and well stocked with water , soda , coffee and even snacks !
great recommendations without being pushy about sales .
quick in and out service and super friendly guys .
a+ service and experience !
the staff is amazing !
super nice and friendly .
great service !
family friendly feel .
received a card with his family on it one time .
pretty quick service .
all in all , great place and i will continue to go back .
this place is great !
so thorough .
they 're definitely good at what they do .
i recommend this place to everyone i know .
david was very friendly and efficient along with the guy changing my oil .
they have you stay in your car now , which i think is great .
this place is amazing .
_num_ star treatment .
these guys are fast , thorough and friendly as all get out .
extremely efficient and friendly service .
this place impressed me .
the entire team was professional and worked very efficiently .
truly amazing customer service !
thank you !
this place is great !
the prices are very reasonable as well .
jimmy took great care of my car on special request .
much appreciated !
definitely recommend .
the staff was attentive and upbeat .
thanks !
so impressed i 'm taking my wife 's car in tomorrow .
thank you !
this place is fantastic .
ryan helped me today and he is awesome .
competitive price and really fast -- i 'll be back for years to come .
well run shop and highly recommended !
kevin was professional and courteous .
this place is great .
love it .
well stocked and always nice people there .
the staff always remembers me and treats me so well .
their prices are great and the quality of produce is always on point .
they are super friendly and always have what i need .
one of my favorites is they always thank you for shopping there .
nice clean store , friendly people .
its so close to my house that i love coming here .
keep up the good work bashas employees !
their fresh baked fresh daily rolls and buns are the best .
the employees are friendly enough and the store is clean .
they run specials that are good especially in the meat department .
love this place and the new owners are great .
the double toasted bread is amazing !
great sandwich and friendly staff .
also the staff here is lovely : ) thanks guys !
& the sandwiches are delicious !
great customer service !
excellent customer service and very friendly folks !
walked in and got one .
overall , great experience .
the staff is so friendly !
they are very affordable !
i would recommend over and over !
i had an awesome experience with the extremely efficient employees here .
for what it is works great .
these guys do a great job .
canyon car wash does an exceptional job .
they are quick , efficient , and provide great customer service .
their prices are quite reasonable .
after a couple visits i 'm quite impressed !
see you guys again soon .
this place was great .
these people offer stellar customer service .
it was true !
these guys are honest and good people .
they went above and beyond !
now a part owner and clearly takes his work and business very seriously !
great and friendly employees !
i would definitely do business here again and recommended it !
staff are pleasant and happy to help .
everyone here was extremely nice and helpful starting from just the phone call !
the shop was also very clean and inviting .
i would recommend this location to everyone .
they definitely care amount their customers car care and personal care .
also love the fact that they have a complementary cell phone charging station !
i will definitely be coming back to this place !
overall a fantastic experience and a good deal for the money .
highly recommend these guys .
good news - gallagher 's on union hills is back !
i love this place .
lots of different wing flavor options .
love em ' new ownership , better atmosphere !
food is always tasty !
awesome fish fry and great atmosphere .
love this place !
excellent boneless wings with a nice happy hour price .
great service great food .
awesome place .
it 's my new spot !
it was good .
it was a fun time with my friends .
the wings were great and they carried local micro brew .
my new go to sports bar !
love coming here !
gwen is a great bartender and it 's always a great mix of people .
their food is great too .
much better than any bar food i 've ever had .
great choices of food .
also great food .
good service for the most part .
awesome place !
very delicious !
great food for a sports bar .
a lot of tv 's and modest pricing .
great place to grab a drank and get some munchies !
friendly staff and a decent environment !
for those of you who do n't know , picture happiness in a skillet .
peter was our server and did wonderful all day football sunday .
great food , great service .
i was surprised how good the food was for a sports bar .
comfortable booths and clean tables .
good prices even when it 's not happy hour .
we definitely will be back !
good food , good prices , attentive server .
this place was recommended by my sister .
the burgers were good , and the waffle fries were great .
what a pleasure to find someone both competent and kind .
thanks , tom .
she is an experienced and talented massage therapist whom i highly recommend .
i highly recommend the massage .
one of the best massage experiences i 've ever had !
will definitely return !
i 'm very happy i met tom and his team at active life center .
thanks tom !
i first discovered integrity heating and cooling when my a/c broke last october .
i would absolutely recommend integrity !
integrity is quick , efficient , and friendly completely worth your time and money .
as i had just moved into the place ) .
that 's a rarity in the heating and cooling industry .
i am very happy .
integrity is a great ac service provider .
this company and team are outstanding !
thank you for your expertise and professionalism .
every time i bring my car in , everyone is so professional and courteous .
great service on my old `` man van '' today .
in and out and running great !
fast friendly service !
got a battery for my husbands truck !
joey is amazing and always puts the customer first .
i respect a place that has integrity , and this location certainly does !
they honor competitor 's coupons .
great service !
courteous staff and very efficient .
they treated all the other waiting customers very well too .
joey was so helpful , honest , and friendly !
ive been going to this location for past two yrs .
staff is always helpful and goes above and beyond to help out .
they do quality and work and finish on time .
the humans are great to me .
we love this place .
highly recommend to anyone who loves their pet !
love , love , love this place and so do my dogs !
great facility and super friendly staff .
great place for pets - my dog loves it .
i loved it .
the owners of this place are great .
they keep the place clean and they offer several options for tanning .
i also appreciate that they offer a discount to the local gym members .
this is the most friendly and affordable nail salon ive been to !
the owners are sweet and their massage chairs are fantastic !
i highly recomend this place .
great service , fair price and excellent attention to detail .
friendly nail techs , lots of massage chairs , and services are a steal !
went here for the first time yesterday and got the vip pedicure .
the chairs were so-so , but the pedicure itself was wonderful .
super nice staff as well .
a great find !
did a good job .
definitely would go again .
best to make an appointment though cause they are really busy .
i was pleased .
very friendly staff .
pricing is excellent !
love this place !
i highly recommend the vip pedicure .
they did a good job .
they were very clean .
they do fun nail colors and nail art too .
fabulous experience !
i was a first time customer and i loved it .
had such a wonderful experience here .
i got a gel manicure , it is very clean .
i would highly recommend this nail salon to anyone .
very friendly and efficient staff made this a great experience .
i have a new favorite pedicure place !
victor is amazing !
great quality of work and even better customer service .
prices are quite reasonable as well .
highly recommend !
im still a loyal customer and i only go to laura !
she is fast but her work is fantastic .
she is great , just a nice , hardworking lady !
thanks laura !
the staff is beyond friendly and they are fast and efficient .
absolutely loved the service !
she took her time , paid attention to detail and was super sweet !
prices match the service !
this is going to my new nail shop here in phoenix !
this qt is one of the best in n. phoenix .
they do a great job of keeping the store clean and stocked .
not a high turnover rate so they actually remember your face .
friendly and fast service !
i 'm actually loving their new kitchen with food made to order .
staff is friendly , store is always clean .
great speedy service !
the staff is always friendly and the place is spotless .
they have the best prices in town on gas and other product .
it 's clean .
gas and so much more .
the instructors are gentle and helpful with all of the kids .
now she always has a smile when she 's in class .
thank you for changing my life !
i love it !
friendly staff , and the zumba instructor is great !
keeps everybody on point during the session !
i highly recommend !
i was surprised at how good the food was at this tiny place .
the ingredients taste fresh and it has that family owned feeling .
this place is great .
and they have a cute little salsa bar too .
love it !
authentic mouth watering food .
got the steak fajitas dinner ... .
extremely satisfied .
best little mexican restaurant in the area .
carne asada is tender and not fatty !
definitely great mexican food .
they have the best nachos ... .
the food is amazing !
as authentic as it gets .
wow !
thanks for the experience mi pueblo mexican !
we enjoyed !
awesome food at a great price and the staff was friendly and pleasant .
check it out if you are in the area it is so worth it !
oh so good !
my husband loves their twin chimis .
both were very good !
the chips were also great , very light and crispy .
much better than any of the chain mexican places .
the place was small but clean and friendly .
everything was fresh , not too greasy , and extremely delicious .
this is my new quick and easy mexican food restaurant .
prices reasonable .
i definitely will be going back .
great food .
the homemade salsa is excellent .
very authentic tastes and great prices .
the dcor is nothing special , but the food is good .
my husband always gets a chimichanga and i love the veggie burrito .
the all-you-can-eat chips and salsa are good .
all their food is delicious and very consistent .
so glad i live right down the street .
chimichangas , enchiladas and menudo are my favorites .
big portions , decent price .
food was delicious !
the food is good .
it 's like they 're happy to see you .
a nice little place to grab a quick bit to eat .
they have a average selection for the menu and the food is pretty tasty .
great food , you can taste how fresh it is .
i always get their carne asada burrito and it is great every time .
i walked in , and was greeted with a smile .
super friendly staff , good food , and well priced .
the chili rellenos are almost as good as my own !
phenomenal !
my whole family loves this place !
only place in the valley that serves fresh and authentic mexican food .
the food is delicious , and they 've even got fresh salsa !
they have a wonderful , friendly staff .
got chicken chimi ... so good.
everything is always great .
family owned and operated .
great people .
excellent !
loved them .
this is a great little restaurant !
my husband has been going here for years and i love the tacos !
my partner and i ate here yesterday and it was actually quite good .
we enjoyed a carne asada burrito and a quesadilla .
on top of the good food they also have a salsa and chip bar .
enjoy !
every meal was excellent and they have the best horchata !
the menu is extremely easy navigate .
the burritos were delicious though .
i 've been here twice and both times were very enjoyable .
the salsa bar was excellent and the food was great !
small place , but nice looking and clean inside and good food .
we experienced fast and friendly service .
the chips and salsa bar is a nice touch .
the horchata was the best i ever had !
so far , everything i have tried is absolutely delicious !
my favorite is the shrimp burrito - but beware - it 's huge !
sooooooo delicious !
great food , great service , quiet hole-in-the-wall type of mexican place !
definitely coming back !
got two of the vegetarian burritos ... just amazing .
awesome staff .
way good prices .
basic dishes made with fresh and yummy ingredients .
the staff is always courteous and attentive .
by far the best mexican food i 've ever had !
best enchiladas in town !
we go at least a few times a month .
efficient and pleasant staff .
very good chimichanga with red sauce .
such great customer service and it made my meal that much better .
the perfect neighborhood mexican restaurant .
an absolute gem .
great fish tacos and fresh salsa .
food is fresh and delicious !
they have very friendly staff and fresh ingredients .
i just love this place .
we eat here all the time , i love their salsa .
the service is efficient and courteous and the food is outstanding .
the food was delicious !
we both thought the food was very good .
muy rico !
it 's the food and it 's good and the price is right .
i bet it gets packed .
delicious , quick , and really a hidden gem .
just a really unpretentious , delicious mexican joint .
small place but great service and food !
really fresh , tasty mexican food .
friendly staff , very reasonably priced , great salsa .
great food , friendly people , nice clean place .
highly recommend !
i got a veggie burro and a friend of mine got a shrimp burro .
pretty decent food .
food was good and customer service was good as well .
good place to go to pick up a quick dinner .
definitely the best bet for feeding a family .
nicole was very kind and efficient , and understanding about paying with some change .
awesome place for a quick , greasy , guilty pleasure !
good pizza for the price .
good enough for me .
i have found my new mechanic !
thanks guys !
they are knowledgeable , helpful and honest .
awesome service at a reasonable price .
overall , great prompt service , great prices , and awesome staff .
craig was extremely knowledgable , clean , and professional in every aspect .
very friendly .
my first repair here , but will definitely utilize them again .
this family owned and operated business has been a life saver for us .
craig is awesome and so are his wife and mother in the front office .
good , honest , fairly priced auto care .
clean , friendly , fast , and they do a great job !
the place is clean , the ladies there are so nice .
lee took good care of my pedicure and manicure .
the staff is nice .
it 's pretty clean .
i loved my nail salon !
the pedicure was great and the wax was the best !
loved it !
she was quick , and the price was reasonable .
living in a new area i had to try out a new nail spot .
the lady who did my nails was friendly and did a great job .
it 's a very low stress and enjoyable experience .
the ladies doing my nails and my mom 's were very nice .
this is a great nail salon nearby .
nothing super fancy but clean and respectable .
sue and julie are also good .
he seems to love it !
i 'm so happy this store is located so close to my house !
bonus !
we love this banfield hospital .
we are so grateful for her caring demeanor and attention to detail .
this place is having an amazing sale .
you buy one frame & the second is a penny !
everyone loves a nice pic !
nice spot , good people , friendly service , and good prices .
great frames with lots of variety .
this place is large and very professional .
i definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do .
thank you !
the staff was incredibly friendly and helped us find exactly what we needed .
they have a really unique selection of frames too !
i 'm definitely a fan .
love the people here .
so friendly and genuinely interested in helping you .
very reasonable prices .
so good !
ha ) .
love me some taco bell and this one just got a facelift .
excellent staff that is always friendly .
this store made it so easy !
the price was great .
the store is well staffed and employees are friendly .
best ups i 've been to !
friendly and knowledgeable people .
it 's so delicious i now get starbucks twice a day .
woot woot !
me and my wife come to this place all the time .
she needs a lot of coffee , that 's why .
i enjoy this starbucks location very much because of the kind and friendly baristas .
she added additional joy and happiness to my birthday !
they genuinely wanted me to be happy with my selections .
you will get honest feedback about what fits your face from true professionals !
great selection , great service , very satisfied customer !
just purchased my favorite glasses ever from the village eye works .
the selection is top of the line and always the latest unique styles .
his knowledge and style are world class .
sit back , relax , and enjoy the good life !
my favorite smoke shop i 've ever been to .
wow .
what a beautiful store .
highly recommended .
i just got home from here , and what an experience !
thanks guys !
best shop hands down .
these people are so helpful .
great service and selection .
excellent experience and very knowledgeable .
great job guys , we 'll be back !
my friends and i travel to scottsdale every labor day .
we found this cigar shop by chance _num_ years ago .
it was a pleasant surprise .
this shop is wonderful .
the staff is so helpful and friendly .
they still treated me with great kindness and respect .
beautiful store .
very good service at this location .
kudos to the lady who helped me .
i love this place .
the food is great and the service is too .
very good .
meat sliced fresh and bread always fresh .
i 'm a total blimpie head so of course i loved this .
thumbs up !
this is the best blimpie there is in the valley !
the customer service here is great .
the buffalo chicken is the best , i get it every time .
i would highly recommend this sandwich shop and specifically this location !
this blimpie location is the best i 've experienced .
i will continue to make quick lunch trips from time to time .
my favorite blimpie in the valley !
owners are very nice .
place is clean .
always tastes great .
not big of a store but very well organized .
nice and helpful staff .
great friendly employees too !
the copy center here is amazing !
by far the best copy center around .
they are always on time and very helpful .
piece of cake !
he is simply the best .
very smart and knowledgable .
you are actually seen on time !
he is wonderful .
will come in handy with those prices !
while i did n't purchase anything here the service was super fantastic !
thank you and well done folks !
very nice experience .
the employees , in general , are always friendly and willing to help .
the store is very neat ... .
clean ... .
well lit ... .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
wow !
every one of the employees we came in contact with was amazing .
amazing .
i love this location , it 's always a good experience .
just stopped in to pick up a christmas gift .
they are reliable , honest , and reasonable .
we really appreciate their service .
there is something for everyone here .
the staff is friendly , helpful and knowledgable .
this place is awesome .
great prices and friendly staff .
staff is great too .
such a great place !
staff was nice and friendly which makes a world of a difference !
i will definitely be going back for more ... .
thanks toy anxiety !
staff was very friendly and helpful .
i will be back again soon !
this store is so cool .
definitely looking forward to checking out new inventory when i visit az again .
great staff , friendly and very knowledgable and helpful .
this is such a fun place !
such a cool store .
the owner is really nice and helpful .
amazing customer service with an amazing selection .
i recently moved here and i look forward to coming back again !
also have fun selection of chocolate and candy .
try some of the home made salads for a treat .
i love love love this store !
great selection of all kind of russian and european beers !
i like this little store , people are very friendly and helpful .
love russian beer too !
definitely going back there .
i love this place and always stop here when i 'm in the area .
the smoked fish , sausages , and fresh made breads here are really awesome !
try the small smoked sausages on the deli counter , they are really good .
this is a nice little place .
good variety of eastern european meats .
and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats .
my family and i bought four different cheeses and with some sausage .
great prices and affordable .
i love this store !
the employees are very nice .
great selection of eastern european foods .
got ta go back soon !
the customer service is friendly and helpful .
good meat .
so good .
he is careful , yet efficient and quick .
he is in my neighborhood , so it is great for me - convenient .
steve is personable and the shop is inviting .
i have been going to steve for years , great service product !
a solid cut for a great price .
definitely coming back !
detail is appreciated here you will leave happy !
steve is spot on .
his craftsmanship is top notch .
he takes the time to cut every hair perfectly .
in a nut shell his service exceeds expectations .
try it , you 'll like it .
best in town and maybe best in phoenix .
he knows his work .
when the roots are all barbers , you know you 're in good hands .
what a great !
family run business .
besides a great cut she treats me like royalty .
i definitely recommend joining !
he is another superb health care provider .
she has great bed ( table ? )
side manner and always makes me feel comfortable .
i love esther his nurse also .
i was told about this place by a good friend in the medical field .
dr. nelson was attentive , patient , and kind .
dr. nelson rocks !
dr. nelson is amazing and so kind .
i started coming here on the recommendation of a good friend .
everything is handled in a completely professional manner .
the entire staff is professional and warm .
they remember you ever time you return and are always smiling .
i would recommend this office to any of my friends !
dr. nelson is awesome !
i strongly recommend him .
i was very pleased with him .
excellent customer service and i love dr. schwartz .
another amazing delivery by dr. nelson .
i feel blessed to have had such a great dr. deliver my two babies .
she is incredibly knowledgeable and goes the extra mile for her patients .
we would recommend them to friends !
we were buying a suit for our wedding and joey helped us a lot .
thanks , joey .
i highly recommend your store and especially you .
we had an exceptional experience .
my son never looked so good !
i loved the service !
josh and becky are awesome ... .
the service is very personal and they really try to understand your needs !
really great service and prices are good .
family owned and nice people to work with .
they do great work and have excellent prices .
awesome and reasonable pricing with these guys .
very friendly and communicated well with us .
they are always so friendly at this location .
they are also very knowledgeable and will tell you how it really is .
this works !
but i found julie to be outstanding !
she is super friendly but more importantly she knows what she is doing .
i will return when needed and look forward to it .
julie is a true professional in her field .
the people who work here are always very nice .
great practice oh his nurse esther is pretty awesome as well !
he always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring .
everyone was courteous and professional .
otherwise , professional and nice .
thanks !
great practice .
very real and take their role in your life seriously .
he answers my questions thoroughly .
absolutely love this place .
i feel comfortable and listened to which is important when choosing birth control .
i see dawn and she is just wonderful .
i am very pleased with the results so far .
keep up the excellent work !
i love this place .
highly recommend her !
he performed the surgery yesterday and i am absolutely relieved .
they were able to fit me in the next morning , which was fantastic !
surgery was yesterday and as far as i can tell , it went great .
very knowledgable and extremely friendly .
the best doctor experience i have ever had !
and i love him !
's please do n't .
he has a caring nature about him and has a very open communication style .
he is kind , caring , and thoughtful .
his pa is just as wonderful .
they have take great care of my family .
excellent bedside manner , really takes the time to get to know you .
i really like this practice .
dr. lindsay was very pleasant and honest with me .
he has a good bedside manner and is extremely intelligent .
dr katz is just good people and a great doc .
we just moved to the area and i was referred to dr .
i found her to be compassionate and patient .
very clean laundry in a big parking lot .
you can spend a fortune here but it is so good .
fruits and veggies are really nice here , quality and organic .
you will always find a nice selection of organic foods and groceries .
great prepared foods .
i 'm a gluten-free vegan ; can my life get any worse ?
well , mostly .
i love the large artisan selection of desserts !
one of the best places to get fresh , organic and good produce .
and when i asked for extra ginger , i got extra ginger !
my girlfriend and i love this whole foods !
it is bigger with a bigger selection than the one in tempe .
it 's a whole foods .
i love this store !
everyone is happy and kind .
delicious , yummy , amazing happiness .
whole foods is one of my favorite places to go for a salad bar .
its always clean and fresh .
the staff at the store are always really friendly and helpful .
its always clean and i love all the samples they have out .
some stuff is pretty pricey .
definitely a great place to get something special and gourmet .
i love stopping by the cafe for a blueberry shake !
it 's great with bananas and soy protein after a workout .
all the staff members are very friendly !
it 's definitely pricy , but worth splurge once in awhile .
delicious .
i love this store .
i liked the world market section they have .
organic salad bar yumm & tons of grab & go food options .
i 'm really loving the sandwich and pizza station today !
so many unique menu options !
craig in the hot food department is amazing !
that burger looked as good as it tasted !
i definitely want to come back and order a burger !
this whole foods is our favorite one in this area .
craig is the most amazing whole food worker .
love coming here for lunch .
great pizza and awesome beer .
super nice people and great prices for what it is and what you get .
produce is always fresh and there 's a great selection of locally made goodies .
people working there are super friendly and helpful too .
happy i can even ride my bike there if i 'm feeling really energetic !
i had a great experience at the juice bar tonight .
in addition , she was courteous and very nice .
she knows the meaning of customer service .
i 'll definitely go back .
absolutely one of the finest dentists in the usa .
all of his staff are equally as talented and wonderful people .
stacy and heather are also wonderful .
i always leave feeling confident i got the best treatment .
my son 's had a great time .
i will definitely be taking them back there for more fun times .
parents , please let ur children explore on their own !
i c parents following their kids around !
my girls love this place .
its the perfect age .
my one year old daughter loved it !
its a great place for kids too explore and meet new friends .
there is new carpet and a way cool slide .
my little one loves it here .
we enjoyed bringing our lunch in and playing afterwards .
the owner checked us in & he is very friendly & helpful .
everything is clean & well taken care of .
there are lots of toys , dress up outfits , ride on cars etc .
what a great place to take my little girl !
but even as is , i 'm a big fan .
love this place .
the new owners have really made it so much nicer .
my family really enjoys this place .
i 'm also a fan of the cafe .
awesome place !
she had sooo much fun !
there was enough to keep them both entertained .
super , super awesome !
my little girl is _num_ years old and she loved it !
great clean fun for little ones .
recommended by another mom and was glad we checked it out !
my _num_ year old daughter loves coming here !
she requests to come so often that i finally bought a membership .
she always has so much fun playing in all of the different rooms .
definitely a good summer time activity !
my daughter always has a blast here !
and the owner is so nice and helpful .
the toys seem clean and in one piece .
we absolutely love this place !
the food is great too .
awesome customer service !
great staff with experience !
the best in town !
got my haircut here for the first time here , and it was great .
donald cut my hair and he was great .
everyone is friendly and helpful without being pushy .
and you can stack them with your beauty brands take ten !
jodi a senior stylist is wonderful !
i have long hair and i color and highlight it regularly .
they also carry bumble & bumble products which i love .
great service and prices i like the professional but not stuffy atmosphere .
all of the girls immediately recommended their favorites and found the bottle for me .
i am very satisfied with my choice and would definitely go back !
best place ever for all your hair and nail needs !
great service ... .
i upgraded the phone and got a new plan .
service was excellent and the employee was very knowledgeable and helpful .
for once it was a pleasurable experience .
thank you , chris !
ali was competent , quick and cheerful .
these guys are great !
great customer service by troy .
great customer service , friendly and patient through the entire process .
great customer service .
they took their time and helped me with the purchase of my phone .
i would definitely recommend them .
the staffs are very knowledgeable and helpful .
highly recommend this store .
this is a pretty cool little store .
it 's a nice shop and i 'll probably will be going back .
awesome place .
especially donald !
donald can make your dreams come true !
: ) thank you !
staff was very friendly and available for help .
entirely an excellent experience !
very clean .
cool jelly fish displays .
this store is hands down the cleanest and best fish store in arizona .
excellent quality store !
a little pricey but definitely worth the money for what you get .
definitely worth the trip just for the quality service i was given .
very clean and professional .
super knowledgable , great set up .
a little out of the way for me , but still loved the place .
great salt water fish but expensive !
cheers !
three letters : fun !
what a great time we had !
we will be going back here again , we loved it .
love this place .
the staff are always friendly .
love the live music .
the people are always kicked back .
totally fun place .
the crowd was easy going and obviously lots of local regulars .
cool little music venue .
great neighborhood dive bar .
usually very good bands and great dancers .
the bar staff is fun and efficient .
great night !
we had good bar service with bartender rabbit !
sweet !
but the food was fantastic .
chicken lo mein , wonderful with fresh vegetables .
but the best was the spicy shrimp , absolutely divine !
the best chinese food i have had in a long time .
when they label an item as spicy , it is actually spicy !
love it !
this is just a great local restaurant .
good food and i pretty sure it is msg free .
the food is good .
it was pretty good !
i live right next door so i look forward to becoming a repeat customer .
fried rice and duck is awesome !
the house special was good enough to make me come back for it though .
very good flavor .
overall a good meal and a reasonable price .
their sizzling rice soup is amazing !
excellent orange chicken , plus delicious meat dumplings , plus good service .
i love small hole-in-the-wall family restaurants , and this is one of those gems .
wonderful old restaurant with good food and the staff was delightful .
the service is slow and awkward but the food is good .
take out is great as well .
great service .
staff is really friendly , as well .
everything was fresh and hot .
i really enjoy coming here for the lunch specials .
to out surprise the shopping center was remodeled and looked more inviting .
the service was great , very attentive .
we enjoyed the food .
they have the best orange chicken in the area !
i really love this place !
the food is excellent and the service is super friendly .
by far the best moo shu pork i 've ever had .
great chinese food for a great price .
i always order takeout as it is super fast .
this was our first visit and we will be back .
was amazing !
great food , great service , wonderful prices !
the food is excellent .
the food is fresh and well-prepared .
sometimes it takes them a while to notice you are there .
little peking is always good .
excellent food especially the kung pao !
i highly encourage you check it out !
they have both `` american '' chinese dishes and some traditional dishes as well .
i highly recommend .
love this place .
great sizzling rice soup and our `` go to '' take out place .
great for a cold night .
restaurant looks pretty tired but the food is good !
the food was fantastic .
i have been coming here for years , love this place .
twice cooked pork is real good too .
everything i 've tried is super yummy .
we just bought a house in the area and wanted something quick and easy .
i 'm happy to report it has n't changed a bit .
my favorite take-out chinese spot !
the best i 've ever had .
the food is always top notch and the service is never less than exquisite .
booths are pretty cool too .
would recommend to anyone .
also they have real asians working there too !
super nice !
this is out take out spot though .
dumplings are also good .
one serving is good for 3-4 .
the orange chicken was also prepared well .
the give very generous portions , with lots of veggies .
the pa courtney was nice , friendly and knowledgeable .
i was pleased with my experience .
dr. holy is thorough , professional , kind and caring .
i have had absolutely fabulous experiences with dr. holy .
i had the liquid magic facelift and i feel amazing .
i totally recommend her for a procedure or even just a full body check .
i 'm really happy that i found this place .
i love this place and the people .
the price everyone can afford .
thanks to dr holy for a wonderful experience !
caring , professional staff and a beautiful office as well !
dr. holy is fantastic - and , her office staff are phenomenal .
outstanding !
they were priced very well , extremely fast service and everyone was really nice .
always fair and they do great work .
very friendly and knowledgeable .
they get the job done right .
for jumping right in my service requested .
being open honest and fair and extremely decently priced .
recommend this place for your repairs .
want to be treated like a human being , want a honest answer ?
these guys were recommended to me by a friend .
dave helped me out with both my car and my wife 's suv .
i 'm glad i found this place .
excellent service .
i got the report the same day and it was great .
highly recommend .
i would definitely recommend him to friends and family .
excellent patient care here !
would recommend him to anyone .
this doctor and his staff rocks !
she had her graduation celebration , a rehearsal dinner , and wedding ceremony here .
the ceremony was beautiful and the church made a great setting .
well lit and spacious for a large number of guests .
the attention to detail was noticed ... even the bathrooms felt upscale !
great location , great place to book your next life event !
beautiful parish !
the church is beautiful and the ceremony is fabulous .
overall , it has always been a great experience for me and my family .
please forgive us .
it 's a great night for the entire family .
this new process is fantastic !
the front desk staff were very nice and friendly .
their expertise and neighborhood hospitality has saved me hundreds !
prices are very reasonable too .
would highly recommend this company !
my pool is now clear and i feel more confident thanks to bob .
friendly , knowledgeable & hardworking staff .
my daughter enjoys her days , and we enjoy feeling good about it .
janet and her staff are wonderful .
they are very knowledgable , and very loving .
we are happy to be a part of this community .
i am grateful for their service !
this is a great school .
professional in every sense of the word .
shea village lanes rocks !
the staff is super nice and the alley is clean .
and have fun !
i used to love this place when it was a filibertos years ago .
very very good value for the money .
they also have good green chile !
this place is very clean also !
good food !
good prices !
great lunch as well .
delicious !
get the rolled tacos with delicious guacamole !
i will return soon !
thanks !
is it fantastic ?
a great pick .
everything is very inexpensive and pretty fresh tasting .
so delicious and so convenient !
portions are huge and the quality is much better !
the horchata was the best and again did n't taste watered down .
my mom had a carne asada torta and omg was the meat good .
it was so tasty and well seasoned !
their chips and guac are served with a giant amount of guacamole .
yummy yummy yummy !
great and knowledgable man .
all positive from people i know .
they did a great job both times .
also bought a new pair of gloves here .
great folks , nice tune & wax .
they do a great job and always friendly and helpful .
quality shop for sure .
so yeah , i 'll go back .
super nice guys and very helpful .
these guys are as good as it gets .
paul , my hero , my barber .
comfortable and plentiful seating .
great barber shop .
great job guys !
paul does the best job with my hair .
love coming here .
it 's hard finding a barber that you trust .
then , i found paul .
simply the best barber shop in phoenix .
i highly recommend this shop .
great shop !
went in for my first visit and was very impressed .
paul was very quick and did a great job .
very professional and courteous .
seriously , the best barber shop in the city !
paul is fast , affordable and pays attention to detail .
great haircuts , hilarious and enjoyable conversations .
all these guys are great !
tony cut my hair and did an excellent job .
thanks !
just very professional service .
as all the other reviews say , paul is great .
they 're good at knowing what 's good for your look .
the sandwiches and wings are great though .
my fiance loves it all though .
the prices are reasonable and the selection is decent .
lastly , this location has a full service wells fargo branch .
the employees at this bank are always really nice and helpful .
overall , this grocery store is great !
it looks great !
cant beat a home town grocery .
great donuts here !
great store - good neighborhood place to get staples .
prices are definitely competitive .
very friendly check out people .
while with friendly staff .
great location .
very friendly staff and pharmacy .
small town store feel with big store name .
my kids and i are always here for something !
usually a decently quick checkout & always friendly staff .
still great store overall .
came here with my mom to pick up her prescription .
the staff at this location is awesome .
i live in the neighborhood and have come to know several of them well .
they are all attentive , courteous , professional and genuinely friendly .
best wings ever !
the bread is great and it is toasted to absolute perfection .
i 'm really , really easy to please .
great philly cheesesteak , hot bbq wings , fries , pizza .
good place to drink that is not a bar .
on the other hand , the pizza is really , really good .
in my top _num_ pizzas ever .
i order it with peppers and banana peppers and it 's fantastic .
i order them with extra medium sauce .
o so good !
it is excellent .
great selection of all american food .
grinders , fried favorites , salads , ice cream , etc !
uncle sam 's is my favorite local eatery .
the wings and hoagies are also great .
this place is great !
the service is awesome and the food always tastes great .
the food is inexpensive and is always hot and delicious .
flancers are by far the best cheese steaks in town .
some of the best ( and most filling ) cheesesteaks in phoenix/scottsdale .
a classic from my high school days .
the fries are also very good , always crispy never greasy .
the service was fast and pleasant .
food is fast and fresh !
the waitstaff have always been good to me and the prices are pretty decent .
delicious .
great pizza and wings !
fast service with reasonable prices .
i love this place .
food is good but the service is brutal .
overall its an above average sports bar .
great place for a cheesesteak .
wife and kids say the hoagies are really good , as well .
fries and rings are consistent .
pbr on tap , best cheesesteak in scottsdale and the pizza is good too .
this is it !
great neighborhood spot .
consistent good food , hefty portions , cozy atmosphere .
good service , great specials .
great little neighborhood joint .
i always order pizza which is really good too .
pretty reasonably priced as well .
service is usually pretty good and fast .
great steak sandwiches !
consistently good food and large portions !
love this place !
very friendly service !
good service , clean & great philly cheese steak !
i love love love this place !
service was great .
count me in !
oh and everyone is super friendly and the service is very good .
they have a killer happy hour .
we usually get take out but dining in is good too .
i recommend the 4th of july pizza .
always good service .
killer happy hour .
very friendly service .
you can see the open kitchen when you enter .
nice !
enjoy !
they have the best wings and their pizza is great too !
mmmm so tasty !
but oh well , i still love this place !
great place , highly recommend the philly cheese steak with extra cheese .
our regular date night place .
service is always great and they always seat us where we request .
awesome !
i like the atmosphere , and the staff was nice .
they have big booths which makes it comfortable to eat .
good happy hour prices too .
i 'll definitely be back .
love the wings .
hot and crunchy .
great pizza , subs and cheese steaks .
it 's a winner !
i am giving four stars because this place is pretty decent .
wonderful food at reasonable prices .
great service .
great service , great food .
one of my favorite places to eat .
pizza and wings are still as delicious as i can remember .
we recently visited this location and the service was great .
great place to go as a family .
great place for kids too .
best sandwiches in town .
the service was friendly .
the fries are amazing too .
i will definatly be back here !
both where delicious .
of my life in the land of cheese steaks this place is very good .
good very good food .
the staff is genuinely nice , and care about the animals and owners .
best of all - i trust them .
this place is awesome .
very friendly staff , vet docs - everyone is super flexible , and accommodating .
they even have the best groomer in town !
i am so glad to have such a great place in our neighborhood .
a very kind demeanor , he really knows his stuff .
he really cares about his patients and goes above and beyond to help .
chicken was good .
okra is better at cracker barrel .
seriously , use your head !
the chicken is decent ... .
it 's much better than kfc .
especially with their honey mustard sauce .
it 's fast food but it 's decent fast food .
the service here is also pretty good .
staff are very friendly .
good customer service .
ingredients seem pretty consistently fresh .
best customer service here .
cashiers are great here and very fast !
the place is great .
everytime we go there the food and service is great .
the cocktails are great .
great .
great .
great .
the restaurant is nice inside , but it is the food that is wonderful .
i really do .
we were both very impressed .
warm homemade bread .
awesome salads .
my husband enjoyed his sausage and peppers .
we will definitely go back !
her daily specials are so inviting that i rarely order from the menu .
one of the best kept secrets in phoenix !
we dine here about once a month , and have for years .
both times the food was very good .
very tasty and a generous portion .
but the service is great and the atmosphere is classy and romantic .
it is a good place for a special occasion .
everyone i 've dined there with has also raved about the food .
very good food .
the complimentary after dinner drink is pretty awesome too .
great spot .
good hearty traditional italian food .
the house dressing was absolutely delicious as well .
service was good and i would definitely come back .
what a sweet little surprise .
adam and i just loved it .
it 's the same , and that 's a great thing .
ca n't recommend it enough .
it 's great when good things do n't change .
and the service was impeccable .
brad our waiter was very personable and made some great suggestions .
probably a nice a dinner as i have had in years .
the prices were reasonable , the service terrific and the dinner was great .
the family atmosphere and personal service make me feel like a vip !
the staff was very friendly , professional and attentive .
the food was also very good .
all were very tasty and included salads .
i will have a hard time enjoying everyday food after now tasting true quality .
excellent italian food .
everything was cooked perfectly .
service was great .
we found this place through the great reviews on yelp .
we are always looking for tasty and authentic italian food .
dinner was amazing .
a very good italian restaurant near where we stayed during a conference in phoenix .
the food was very nicely done and the service was impeccable .
my lasagna was very good and my son tried the veal parmigiana .
i am delighted by the food , and especially the service !
wonderful find .
support local business , and having amazing cuisine makes it easier .
excellent service and food .
worth a try !
this is my favorite italian food restaurant in all of phoenix .
everything is delicious and tastes homemade .
they 're nice , efficient , and they do a great job .
my car is still shining a week later !
definitely worth the money !
everytime i have brought a vehicle here they have done a great job .
very professional and easy to work with .
nice to get good customer service every once in a while !
thanks !
yeah !
thanks .
two men and a truck made my move as seamless as it could be .
i moved the day before thanksgiving and they were available which was great .
they moved quickly yet carefully .
they are definitely worth the money !
great job , guys !
i had a very positive experience .
i would definitely recommend them !
i 'm told this is one of the nicest food city locations .
i will continue to frequent this location , finding variety and fair pricing .
i find the staff very friendly .
also close to my bank and costco this is awesome !
my favorite aspect of this library is the self check out .
i love the story time program here !
the staff here is amazing !
my daughter loves the take home cut out and coloring sheet .
good selection and always neat and clean !
i really like it .
i enjoy the layout of this library .
the children 's section is equipped with several computers for all ages .
the library sure has changed over the years !
easy !
the location is ideal and yet not .
despite this , the inside is nice and has a nice lay out .
i 'd recommend this library just for the convenience .
the checkout system is self serve and pretty convenient .
great location and selection .
they have a great selection of books , videos , and music .
this place actually has books !
it 's an amazing concept !
very helpful staff .
this was a welcome change !
i love the phoenix public library system .
the staff at the mesquite branch helpful and the selection is good .
there are also a fair amount of computers available for use if needed .
everyone who works at this branch is extremely helpful .
they have great programs for kids both in the library and online as well .
if you need a computer , or internet , those are free as well !
they were friendly and helpful .
thank goodness for aaa .
the employees were extremely helpful and friendly .
very helpful .
very nice waiting area also .
membership does have it 's rewards !
fast prompt service .
great service .
great service for car titles .
great service friendly people .
as good as it gets .
we have been very happy with aaa arizona .
thanks samantha !
you 're awesome !
we were surprised at the services offered .
plus everyone was very pleasant .
the customer lounge was comfortable and clean .
the staff was very friendly .
just a great aaa offering that i was very happy to have .
they were very helped and made the process so easy .
thank you for being s considerate .
she did her job , but without a smile .
all in all , a good experience .
it 's always a pleasure spending time with her .
this office is awesome .
friendly , courteous , extremely helpful !
awesome service again !
shelly did an amazing job helping plan a two day trip in az .
great service !
very friendly , informative and competent .
the aaa always serves me well .
friendly , personable , professional and efficient at her job .
thanks keith !
love it .
very pleased with sheila and how she educated me on auto policies .
i highly recommend sheila .
we always want to recommend her and praise her work .
great job annette !
many thanks , kathy .
the pizza a really good and perfect take out .
in the dining room the italian food is really good .
the chicken parm is perfect and all the dishes are quality with generous portions .
wings had good flavor and the pizza had fresh toppings .
i have ordered take out before and always good quality pizza .
good stuff .
the pizza is the best part .
service is fantastic , menu is huge .
a fun place .
i just experienced the food from this place for the first time .
we did take-out and i really enjoyed it .
the wings were great .
i love this restaurant !
awesome pizza , great cocktails , and salads .
friendly staff .
a favorite !
i eat here about once a month or so .
always fast and friendly service .
pizza crust has a nice and chewy .
decent sauce , but great cheese and toppings .
great pizza and service .
especially at such a reasonable price .
they are the best !
everything on the menu is fantastic .
service is great , too .
i got a white pizza with garlic , seasoned mushrooms , and canadian bacon .
loads of toppings , great crust .
the mozzarella sticks are a nice starter , as well the fried zucchini .
red devil is fantastic .
crunchy wings !
red devil has the best hot wings , bone in .
we really enjoyed the antipasto salad here as well as the homemade rolls .
our service has always been friendly and timely .
we loved the pizza so much !
we are hooked !
always delicious pizza and great service .
edit - the gluten free pizza is also very good here !
good pizza !
sauce tastes good and they do not skimp on the cheese .
wings were very good too .
we had great service here , no complaints !
the marinara sauce was really good .
we love red devil !
everyone we have dealt with have always been extremely nice and helpful .
she is beyond nice and friendly .
let me tell you , we are in love !
hands down , the best pizza yet !
i like their thin , chewy crust and the sauce is very good too .
i love this place !
one of my favorite italian places in the area , no doubt !
excellent service .
lots of love , chris .
good pizza .
great crispy and chewy crust .
good sauce good selection of toppings .
it is a usual for me and my family for pizza .
excellent service .
and awesome food at reasonable prices .
i love this restaurant .
the service and food are wonderful .
kathy , the manager , is always friendly and greets everyone .
the food is excellent .
the rolls are really good too .
they are all delicious and freshly made .
take a piece home if you fill up on great italian food .
truly a wonderful experience each and every time we come !
pizza is fantastic .
they always make it perfect , they deliver too .
all there food is great .
super nice staff , super delicious food !
my favorite is their pizza .
the sauce and cheese are so good and taste so organic and natural .
meatballs are superb .
you can get that as a pizza topping as well .
children 's menu is good and fan favorites of my own kids .
highly recommend this restaurant .
great pizza and wings !
parking is readily available and the facilities are clean .
com !
i love that this place delivers !
it was enough to share with at least two other friends .
i made lunch out of it the next day also .
this place is great for the whole family .
i would return and recommend .
service all the way around great keep up the great work !
i 've eaten here since i was little and it 's always been good .
the pizza is always excellent , so is the pasta and salads .
i 've only ever gotten to go but it 's always delicious and fresh .
the bartenders are fun and fast .
the pizza is simply amazing .
great service and good food , make for an excellent time .
it was as if we bought out the restaurant just for us lol .
food was very good !
my bf got the philly cheesesteak sandwich that was huge and he enjoyed .
i had the tequila lime chicken and it was delicious !
definitely recommend !
great service from our waiter joey and the hostess .
overall great experience !
kathy is the best , , food fantastic and consistent .
clean , great pizza and pasta got ta try it .
they have fast delivery and awesome pizza .
good pizza , good wings , friendly service , relaxed atmosphere .
reasonable pricing ... .
i have always enjoyed this restaurant .
tonight i enjoyed the sausage and peppers with fettuccine .
spicy but not hot .
otherwise another enjoyable meal .
they will be there on time and will have the solution your looking for !
i tested the light after i got home then called their office to pay .
i would highly recommend this company .
with your help , i found the perfect gown for my special day .
thank you !
best experience ever .
she was so sweet , helpful , and a lot of fun !
i will definitely be recommending her specifically and the store in the future !
the folks at david 's bridal were excellent .
she is honest , caring , and she is so helpful !
i bought my wedding dress here .
they were really good to work with and i love my dress .
we had a really good experience with diana .
today i set an appt and received great , quick service .
found the perfect dress and was able to rush it .
overall great experience .
another visit , another great haircut at a great price !
i had a haircut yesterday from robert and he did a great job .
i 'll definitely return again .
i always them !
they installed a water feature in my front yard and did a great job .
great prices , great work , and very good people .
pot world is now open .
this place has an amazing selection of fabrics .
the fabrics are an even better deal !
highly recommend it .
i am very impressed on the store set up & decorating .
staff is very pleasant & helpful .
i will continue to shop & purchase there .
she 's great with the customers & staff .
the best place for fabric !
their prices are half of other fabric stores and their customer service is outstanding .
great fabric store with great low prices !
plus they give out great ideas and advice .
the prices & selections of the material here is great .
great place to buy golf balls !
these golf balls are like new !
great service and awesome prices ... .
that is straight up good business !
i felt comfortable with them .
thanks guys !
extremely painless and professional process .
old navy has the best sales !
a great place to pick up some summer essentials without breaking the bank !
as honest as it gets !
family owned and they just want the best for you .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
i will keep coming here as long as their doors are open .
i would highly recommend this reliable and professional shop !
thanks for the help .
the best auto repair shop i have ever done business with .
family owned shop with years of experience .
the service , prices and especially the staff are unbeatable .
you will not be sorry and your pocket book will love it .
would recommend and will return .
always fast but most importantly they are always honest with you .
the entire team there is great and very knowledgable .
they are the best , bar none .
great dealer , awesome work and fair price .
nice staff , perfect service , reasonable price .
it is a place you can trust !
the crew is knowledgeable and professional .
first experience with this place was amazing !
super friendly people and very honest .
but the place is just cool , so we keep going back .
this place is one of a kind !
great hole in the wall bar and grill .
food is usually very good as far as bar food goes .
grand total - $ _num_ .
the food is great and the prices , well they are cheap .
i usually visit this place about once a week or so during happy hour .
the kids and i love the wings !
i 've recommended this place to several friends .
definitely a a++ dive bar .
*** i love how they greet you when you enter the place .
this place is truly a saloon and a phoenix landmark .
the service was fast and very friendly .
definitely a jewel in the desert .
we love their food as it is your traditional classic american food .
i recommend the tex burger .
seriously , the charm of this place is the people .
the bar stuff is nice and the chili is good .
we sat at the bar , and the bartender was friendly and polite .
almost always the best burger in town for me .
one of my favorite places to go for a burger .
the lunch was alright , and the breakfast was pretty good !
the food was very good with great specials .
great dive bar atmosphere .
friendly staff , prices are decent .
we will definitely make this one of our new spots to hang .
great place to step back in time .
great happy hours too !
this place is awesome for breakfast ... come check it out !
we come on sundays and absolutely love the breakfast ... and conversation .
our group ordered so many different things and they were all great !
one of the best steaks i 've had .
great band too !
i am a big french fry fan , and the fries were pretty good !
over all good service and food .
the owner , elliot is amazing .
the food is great and portion sizes are quite large !
love this place !
had the philly and it was well prepared .
great place to go dancing .
the service was really good too !
great place for breakfast or anything .
burgers and wings both great ; just generally good food !
great lunch !
great prices !
they are the owners and do an excellent job .
jonathan is great .
waiting for jonathan is definitely worth it .
the best in town .
awesome !
oh how good it feels !
my friend suggested we get a mani/pedi and this place ended up being great !
the staff is very friendly and professional .
i come to this place almost every month and have always left very happy !
we arrived and received service right away .
the staff were friendly and attentive .
the shop is clean and the employees are friendly and efficient .
we will definitely go back .
hannah and her husband are awesome !
awesome prices with great service .
the staff and customers are all so friendly !
there 's a nail shop on nearly every corner !
thanks bella nails !
always friendly and accommodating .
very clean , great service , awesome experience !
every time i want to relax , bella nails is go-to spot .
they have reasonable prices , and have superb customer service .
i really like this place .
i highly recommend !
definitely my go-to mani-pedi salon !
they are all professional !
clean salon !
these guys were super nice super fast and super accommodating .
the job was very well done , fast and efficient .
i have to thank rick and his crew for a job well done !
the workmanship is better than the original and the price quoted was very reasonable .
again , thank you to rick and his employees for a job well done !
they came to my house with an excellent selection of fabrics .
a truly professional job indeed .
very affordable as well .
i absolutely love the finished project and could n't be happier .
they completed the job on time , and again did a great job !
i loved the work this company did for me .
it was beautiful and turned out exactly how i hoped it would .
very professional , and very nice to boot .
what a pleasure to deal with .
great small family owned business so rare these days it seems .
please consider them for your business .
fast and even delivered our chairs to us .
great service , excellent work .
highly recommend !
oh my goodness , i got the very best service here .
these are so beautiful that i will pass them down to my children !
i 'm extremely happy with the work sit well upholstery did for me .
will definitely use them for any future needs !
highly recommend !
thank you rick and staff !
those are things that are important to me .
i would recommend them !
they did a fantastic job .
i highly recommend them .
great place .
thank you .
thanks for a good experience .
would recommend them to any one .
they do a good job .
and in a timely manner .
customer service was excellent and the finished product was perfect .
i love my chair !
they did a fabulous job and even got it back a week early .
great work and very nice people !
i highly recommend them .
clean cut , polite and he knew his stuff .
they are family run so you get that personal touch .
highly recommend them .
cindy and jason are the best !
most importantly , they were very professional and knew what they were doing .
we were very pleased with this company 's work .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
this place is great .
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
the sandwiches always fresh and tasty .
i eat lunch here almost every day !
the staff is extremely friendly and the food is great .
i love this subway .
they always make delicious sandwiches and they are always so sweet and friendly .
service is great too .
that is really nice because i usually do !
i love this bank .
this one though is great .
the process was quick and painless .
she did n't try to up sell anything and was very pleasant .
i 'm also happy they are open on saturdays !
went in yesterday to set up an account and irene was fantastic .
even so the staff is very friendly and everything is very organized .
the people are very friendly and helpful .
goodwill is a community staple .
all the girls always friendly & helpful .
yeah mac !
employees are super helpful here !
incredible service !
she was great !
best walmart ever !
it 's got all you need all in one store !
the remodeling is incredible !
amazing !
cool !
it felt and did look clean .
he was friendly , professional and thorough .
give it a try !
their christmas time bargains are especially excellent .
the selection is great here and customer service is decent .
this is definitely my go to wal-mart !
so i ordered the all white meat chicken with brown rice and veggies .
customer service was great .
the food is pretty good and the portion sizes are huge !
i really liked this location .
i had a large dark meat teriyaki bowl and it was very good !
both people behind the counter were very friendly !
i will def be back !
the food comes up very fast and a price you ca n't beat .
i come to this location often and it 's always consistent .
eat , drink and be merry my friends !
will order it again .
plus they deliver .
the main reason i keep coming back is the cleanliness .
the friendly staff are always smiling and professional .
i love this place !
i highly recommend this salon to everyone i know !
good service and care .
i thought it was pretty good for my first time .
i really liked the massage chairs while they cut my wicked man toe nails .
don always is polite and the shop is always clean and welcoming .
sonny has been my nail tech for years and does a wonderful job everytime .
i always recommend the salon when someone asks where to go .
this place is very clean .
this is a good place to get your pedicures .
very pleasant , clean and inviting atmospher and not pricey .
great service and lots of colors from which to choose .
everyone very nice .
a fine enough job .
my boyfriends pedi was done very well .
he was extremely pleased with the finished result .
the place was very clean and service was great & courteous staff .
very happy with my experience .
will definitely be returning !
i love this place !
love this family and have for years !
thanks for your dedication to the industry .
great color selection .
super friendly staff !
and they did a great job .
great lube !
very thorough and considerate .
always fast and professional at this location .
very quick and great service !
this jiffy lube has a great staff .
the staff is always super friendly and helpful .
is a nice bonus .
they 're doing an awesome job !
the entire office staff is amazing !
both doctors are wonderful !
we always feel comfort and compassion when our dogs are in need .
all the staff are knowledgeable and caring .
excellent !
most helpful staff with a `` can do '' attitude .
kind and compassionate .
i trust these folks !
incredible staff .
love the staff .
great with big breed dogs .
highly recommended vets for all your animals .
moreover , the office was clean , calm and had a chill vibe .
thank you so much !
she is thorough and will give you so much of her time .
love love love this place and very sad we moved away .
scott was magnificent as we planned our daughter 's wedding reception .
we would highly recommend them to everyone !
had a great time at the bbq .
this is a great club to belong to .
lots of activities and friendly people .
good organization to join .
they were timely and well-priced .
major love .
they deliver , they install , they refer reliable repair services .
my partner and i had an amazing experience today .
we found this place by chance , thank goodness .
it is the best appliance store i 've ever been in !
randy rice has assisted us with several purchases .
when you are looking for quality appliances and expert knowledge , definitely go here !
what a great experience purchasing our appliances for our own home here .
randy was amazing to work with and patient .
he is very knowledgeable and i appreciate his honesty on all the different appliances .
thank you randy !
i bought several high , high end appliances from best .
if i ever want to purchase anything again , i will go to best .
i did find two lamps that went with my master bedroom set quite nicely .
they have a lot of great stuff !
will definitely go back !
what a wonderful store .
the gentleman that was there was super friendly and nice .
the selection sure is eclectic and i loved it .
the prices were great !
great local business !
this is a great consignment store .
i love it and i 'm definitely putting this store on my rotation !
high quality company that does 1st class work .
i 'll keep using them as long as they 're in business !
dave and his team were great to work with .
from beginning to end , including design and style , they performed amazingly .
they are a class act and real professionals .
dave and his team made our vision a reality !
we love it here ... been going for over _num_ years .
tanya is wonderful too .
i love this place .
great dentist office !
they are very welcoming and make you feel comfortable .
it 's worth going to if you live in the area .
divey dive for sure and i loved it !
a really good place to hear a local band .
it 's that kind of place .
enjoy .
great place .
i actually found this place on yelp .
cool spot , mixed crowd , and older but a fun atmosphere .
great band .
i would definitely go there again and have recommended some friends to go there .
great date spot .
; ) big nascar bar , free food when races are on !
i was totally surprised by this place .
clean store , good selection , and the have a furniture section to boot .
great customer service .
great location .
i was really surprised at how much good stuff they had at christmas .
this is my local big lots .
the selection is good and i rarely ever leave without getting a few things .
you never know what you might find and that is half the fun !
the staff is pleasant and the selection is good .
thank you sean for all your help .
i would recommend him if you visit the location .
this is one of my favorite places to shop .
i love half price books !
they also sell movies , cd 's , records and magazines .
love this store - especially their clearance section .
this book store is absolutely amazing .
great store with great selection .
great place with best book prices .
it 's amazing .
they 've got everything i like there , photography , nature and some technology .
what a great selection !
looking forward to my next trip in .
this is a great store , and i rarely leave it empty handed .
i love this store .
great place .
video and music selection is pretty good .
my favorite place in town sometimes .
wow !
nice to see a bookstore that 's not too over priced !
i found some unique gifts for the holidays which did n't break the bank .
the vinyl section was cool too !
i love this place !
will definitely come here again !
one of our favorite stores .
great prices .
it 's such a treat to come out with arm loads of books !
this place is just awesome !
the people who work here are awesome !
sure , some of the workers have tattoos and wild hair sometimes .
nice staff , great store with decent prices .
this place is awesome !
the comic books are priced well and in good condition .
i love this place !
an amazing staff !
i can always find something interesting to read and check out .
movies , music , and more .
it 's a great place to check out !
i 'm beyond ecstatic that i found this place !
amazing bookstore with new and used books .
and good books !
the staff is also really friendly and helpful !
great place to browse for used books .
this is the best of the half price books in the greater phoenix area .
the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
my new favorite little bookstore !
great prices , selection , and people .
i love looking around this store .
great hidden place for books .
huge variety of books .
excellent used book store .
great place to find all sorts of fun gifts !
you can bring them in here .
staff is always friendly and they have such good selection on books !
family owned .
the people that work here engage in talk with you and are really nice .
any person who gets their nails done by him is in for a laugh .
this is a high end nail salon .
cleanliness is the key to keeping this place working .
my best friend and i stopped in here for pedicures a few weeks ago .
i have been here a few times and i will continue to return .
both locations are clean and friendly .
so far they have provided great service with good prices .
best customer service nails by young & toes by sam !
although i love all of the employees there those are my favorite !
i highly recommend coming in !
love this place !
i recommend this place to anyone !
great service from young & any of the employees .
young does my nails all the time here .
i am always very pleased with the work !
recommend this place a lot !
young is awesome !
good customer service and clean !
so i would like to tell people the real experience with this place .
takes her time , and knows how to have a good conversation .
yes this is family owned but that 's what makes it the best part .
drive to get there , but it 's worth it !
love it here !
i love this place !
professional , creative , up on the latest styles and reasonably priced .
kathy does my hair & she is amazing !
she is fast and does a great job .
her prices are low and she is worth the trip .
american eagle is amazing !
the best dental experience i 've ever had .
highly recommend !
everyone at this office is absolutely wonderful !
i would absolutely recommend anyone to go here !
love this dental office .
they have an extensive costume aisle as well .
all-in-all , this is going to be my new go-to party city !
i love the graduation cap box i found .
boom , done , party city has it and their prices are pretty competitive !
it 's a pretty big place , lots of good stuff for parties .
it 's good enough !
great party store supply house .
friendly and helpful staff .
she is an amazing and dedicated employee .
sam seriously spent a solid _num_ minutes with me and was so kind .
i greatly appreciated this excellent customer service .
very pleased with the service and selection at party city .
the staff at az music is awesome .
we think this shop is great .
quick , friendly service .
always good to buy local .
helpful staff !
this is what i like to see !
easy location , really helpful employees , and everywhere i looked was fully stocked .
good staff , educated and do know what to suggest .
their cashier ashley is absolutely wonderful and helped me a great deal .
the other staff members are always very nice when i come in as well .
i highly recommend .
very professional .
excellent shop !
we really like taking our dog here .
we have been going here for about over a year now , very pleased !
i love this place and they were so great with my cat .
money well spent .
thanks !
all around great business !
their salon is very warm and the staff greet you promptly upon arriving .
fantastic place !
love it !
they are helpful , friendly and take pride in their work .
the detailed work is awesome !
she always looks great after .
they treated him like family , such a great place .
will definitely be coming back !
best groomer around !
we have tried _num_ and they are the best !
he smells great and is extra soft .
keep up the great work tina !
good food and good prices .
the pizza is pretty good but for me it 's all about the wings .
they have really tasty wings and i love their pizza !
delivery is always fast and they have coupons regularly in the paper .
the wings were excellent .
the service was great .
and the place is clean .
the delivery is super fast too .
i went to it awhile back , and the food is still wonderful .
i love family owned pizza places .
it always seems the food is a hair above the chains .
the people that work there are friendly and laid-back and you feel welcome .
the sicilian crust is the best i 've had west of ohio .
just amazing .
service quite pleasant .
i thought the pizza was great !
i will definitely be back !
they almost always have a great special going .
pizza and wings are always on point and delivery drivers are always awesome !
jared is kind and helpful .
the pizza is delicious and always hot .
it is the `` go to '' pizza delivery for this foodie family !
i love this pizza place .
i love the pizza and wings .
love the management ... they run a quality establishment !
the wings were perfect - tasty & crispy !
all in all amazing quality at a reasonable price !
great value !
will definitely order again !
i had quick service in _num_ minutes with a fresh slice .
it was wonderful and the crust was perfectly crisp .
the service was great .
go here , it is a must .
i am happy to review this location .
best thing is trying the mattress .
unbelievable !
thank you !
i strongly recommend this company .
super helpful staff .
awesome !
always clean and neat , well-stocked , and with very friendly service .
they do a great job drying your car off and deserve the cash .
i love this place !
the guys that work here are so friendly .
they were also super friendly and made sure i had everything i needed .
thanks weiss guys !
discount is just damn good at what they do .
and they had the best price i found .
seriously , the place is one big machine .
just good people doing work .
these guys are great !
great location and the wait is never that long .
talk about a `` well oiled '' machine !
great prices , excellent customer service and the waits are n't too bad .
definitely recommend .
simply stated : excellent customer service .
they sent me home with a smile .
amazing service .
the other guys at the store were also very helpful and courteous .
this is definitely the place to go to when you get a flat !
great experience here !
super friendly staff , quick service , and fair price .
however , i still highly recommend these guys .
great service .
they want what 's best for your vehicle .
it 's good deal when you know what you are doing .
i know i 'll go back again for more of their great services .
he was extremely friendly .
i absolutely will !
what an exceptional experience .
this motto of great service is what makes discount tires so successful .
just amazing !
two yelp thumbs up !
the guys here are great .
an extra big thanks to chris for the fantastic customer service .
these guys are awesome !
stand behind their product ... fast , easy and knowledgable !
absolutely fantastic !
friendly , helpful and such a polite staff .
great place !
great service nice employees i come here for all tire stuff .
: ) thanks discount tire guys .
_num_ % satisfied with everything about this location !
every employee is extremely nice , polite , and very helpful !
unbelievable !
thanks and great job !
i always get the best service from these guys !
highly recommended !
always free tire check .
thank you for doing things right and blowing my mind !
the level of professionalism at discount tire is extraordinary .
the team is courteous , friendly and efficient .
decent deals , top notch service .
good place for tire repair .
what a great experience !
i was greeted with big smiles from a super friendly staff .
thanks for everything , guys !
i never leave sore and always feel better .
i highly recommend him to all my friends and family .
seriously , give dr. keith a try you will love it .
im so happy to finally be pain free !
he has a fantastic technique and he treats his patients like family .
the employees are also great , and extremely helpful .
the team here is very patient and has amazing knowledge .
the store is clean and well organized .
he fixed my sons gun while i waited and charged me $ _num_ .
i found this place to be an absolutely excellent music store .
i absolutely recommend .
great deal .
happy kid .
mike has done some amazing work on my guitars .
he helped me out with a pickup .
i would recommend to all musicians .
my local music teacher girlfriend referred multiple students here and saw great results !
brief and to the point : they are fully trustworthy .
very honest place .
harmony house is fantastic !
she came home with a new pair .
mario led a team of _num_ others and all three were great .
great sandwiches at an awesome price !
i always get the sandwich , usually some type of smoked ham .
the staff is wonderful and very helpful .
the # _num_ , best sandwich in town .
the sandwiches are fantastic !
the sausages are fantastic !
strange location , but worth a trip across town .
super , super clean !
this place is amazing !
and to me that 's what makes a great deli sandwich is the meat .
everything i have ordered here is amazing and worth it .
they also make a decent sandwich for _num_ or _num_ bucks .
delicious european meats and very large sandwiches .
every review i have read is right on !
old school - quality meats , great sandwiches .
if you like big , long sausages then you 'll love this place !
this place is clean and organized .
i love coming here because it reminds of my heritage and has awesome food !
wow !
it is the best anywhere plus everything else there is terrific .
best meats you ever wanted .
i love it when my yelp friends are so correct about a place .
it was awesome !
perfect amounts of meat and cheese .
great service as well .
will be back numerous times .
a tiny little place , but really is worth the visit .
this is truly the best place in arizona to buy a sandwich .
my husband and i love this place .
friendly staff , clean and really enjoyed my lunch .
i stop in this gem occasionally for a sandwich .
the sandwiches are actually two sandwiches and are delicious .
owners are very nice and friendly .
man , this place is just good .
the sourdough bread is amazing .
the cold cuts are very high quality and delicious .
wow .
impressed .
about to have a sandwich from here but so far a really good experience .
both were great .
authentic and fresh .
it 's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you .
hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in manhattan .
if you want the real deal , this is it .
the owner makes all her meats and they are of the highest quality .
it truly is the real deal and such high quality .
otherwise this is a wonderfully homey and unique experience .
the best home made sausage in town .
smoked meats are really good and authentic .
stop by just to look around and you 'll probably leave with something yummy !
high quality meats and breads and the place always smells so good .
the sandwich prices are great value for money .
wow cute little place .
the meat is made there fresh .
it smells amazing the minute you walk in and the sandwiches taste amazing .
definitely recommend .
i want to merry the girl who made my sandwich !
great sandwiches .
the prices are cheaper and the quality is amazing .
also their hotdogs are the best i 've ever had .
really good place to eat , try it if you ever get a chance .
great sandwiches at a great price .
as good as it gets .
perfect .
definitely worth stopping in .
amazing sandwich but if you like smaller portions just get a half .
in my opinion best in town !
tiny little deli with huge delicious smells and tastes !
awesome customer service !
amazing cold cuts that are made in-house and ridiculously amazing assortment of smoke sausages .
they also make very good sandwiches .
it is definitely european if you know what that is .
each more delicious than the other .
i love this place , it 's amazing !
food is fantastic and the person behind the counter is awesome !
so friendly .
overall great place .
best deli in town !
i highly recommend this place .
i agree with previous reviewers that the customer service is friendly .
best pastrami sandwich i have had in years .
this place and space is well organized , clean and safe .
the food is consistently outstanding .
delicious !
there was a lot of food and the rice was delicious too .
ask for justin , he is super helpful !
this place is great !
clean and friendly !
definitely top notch service !
the ordering process was very straightforward , easy , and quick .
what a great question .
it 's a great place to shop .
the return service here is fantastic .
wish i could remember his name , but everyone there has always been fantastic !
this location is well stocked and the garden section has great seasonal stuff .
i just moved to the area .
emily was my assistant she was amazingly knowledgable , friendly and helpful .
this is a great home depot .
my local home depot .
thanks to both of you gentleman .
our project was a success !
why i love home depot .
what can i say but thank you .
they always have what i want and it 's pretty well priced .
everything was tasty and served in a reasonable amount of time .
i loved going in there and ordering about _num_ appetizers and sharing with friends .
best mediterranean food in the valley , the gyro 's are the best .
service is great , even when they are out the door with customers .
quick and friendly services and food is always fresh !
good variety of greek beer !
a great place to get takeout .
they do , however , have great gyros .
they always taste fresh and they are filling .
the falafel gyro was also very good .
the gyro meat was nice and crispy , while the flavors balanced quite nicely .
our whole family absolutely loves eating here .
hubby and son had gyros and loved them .
we had the spicy feta fries as an appetizer and ... wow !
dishes are authentic and fresh .
i love the gyros here .
i have had a couple salads as well and they were very tasty !
service is simply stellar -- very attentive and considerate .
the large salad was absolutely huge and stacked with gyro meat .
simply wonderful and i will definitely be back .
i have also had their gyro and is spot on .
excellent service and food !
good _num_ $ gyro special .
one of the gyros i 've had in a long time !
great food .
great service .
baklava was good end .
they have great hummus and baba ganoush .
i love the build your own appetizer plate .
the sleepy gyro salad was very good and quite filling .
had the lamb shawarma pita - generous helping of very tender lamb in pita .
very tasty .
as good as first time .
good prices and filling portions .
highly recommend the steak kabob very tastey .
so thankful a friend introduced me to this restaurant .
falafel had great texture and flavor .
food is excellent .
prices very reasonable .
service friendly - like family .
we found the food very tasty and freshly prepared .
the portions were of good size and a great value for the price .
the lamb was grilled medium rare as i requested .
for a casual mediterranean meal this place is worth visiting .
this place is easily my favorite spot to grab lunch or dinner .
it 's family owned , small , quick , and a good value .
love this place .
authentic greek food with plenty of other options .
george is great .
best mediterranean food ever !
the soups were amazing .
the steak was really good quality .
may well be the best falafel in town .
definitely the best i 've ever had in the phoenix metro .
the spicy buffalo hummus is great as well !
including ours but got it fixed .
i liked it .
service is nothing special , but the food is pretty good .
i love this family owned restaurant .
a lovely atmosphere with great food and amazing service .
really great mediterranean food .
enjoyed the lamb .
great selection of vegetarian pitas !
i prefer the falafel pita , however the other choices are excellent as well .
i would defiantly recommend this place to anyone craving some mediterranean food !
i devoured the world famous gyro pita !
so good !
also very affordable .
this place is great for lunch !
their $ _num_ gyro pita deal is insane for the great gyro you get .
the owners and staff are always very nice .
good local spot .
fantastic food and friendly service ... never a bad meal here and always fresh .
dropped in for lunch and what a little hidden gem !
so many delicious sounding choices was hard to choose from !
we will def be back !
excellent gyro pitas , great price .
love this place , fantastic food , friendly staff .
great discovery !
service is great .
highly recommend !
it was delicious !
first time customer and i will definitely be back !
everything on the menu is great .
quality is consistent and food is fresh and well seasoned .
a family run restaurant that is a great find !
i love their `` chicken on the greens '' salad !
this is my favorite mediterranean resturant .
great family restaurant .
great service , great prices .
they serve generous portions , and very good gyros !
family owned and always delicious .
the sleepy gyro is always great too .
best food in this town if you like mediterranean that is .
sleepy gyro salad is my favorite !
the grilled veggie pita and the lemon rice soup are particularly good .
great food .
good hummus and pitas .
entrees are definitely worth trying .
best gyros that we have had in arizona !
best gyros i have found in az !
always fast and friendly service !
love eating here !
absolutely love this place !
such a nice , family owned restaurant .
everything we have had has been outstanding .
the entire staff makes you feel at home and are so friendly .
highly recommend this place .
great food and even better service .
i recommend this place for sure .
everyone working there has a positive attitude and are so friendly .
great food .
fast attentive service , very reasonable pricing .
my wife and i went for dinner and it was delicious .
love this restaurant !
very nice family owned restaurant .
outstanding mediterranean food .
the lamb is normally served medium and i ordered it medium rare .
it was cooked perfectly .
both are excellent and delightful to eat with your dinner .
gyro meat is very tasty .
steak kabob also super tender and well seasoned .
the service is great and the owners are very nice .
highly recommend !
the food is amazing , the staff is polite and professional .
we enjoy the restaurant and could eat there every day .
superior food and great customer service .
it 's at a prime spot with lots of shopping .
this place was fantastic !
fantastic food , great customer service , the staff was so friendly and helpful .
my husband and i love this place !
great family owned atmosphere and even better food !
i had the lamb shawarma and it was great .
we now have a new favorite local restaurant .
this is my favorite mediterranean restaurant in the phoenix area .
the food is fresh and flavorful .
try the tzatziki and hummus they are so good .
service was fantastic .
food was wonderful and the owner was personable .
great food .
we will definitely be back .
fantastic food !
just went there with my sister and everything was so full of flavor .
definitely a new favorite spot .
the staff was extremely nice and always checked up on us .
the vibe of the restaurant was lovely and i will definitely be going back !
very good and a lot of food for great prices !
we go here regularly and always enjoy it .
service is also consistently good and nice atmosphere .
the staff was extremely nice and always checked up on us .
the vibe of the restaurant was lovely and i will definitely be going back !
jared waited on us and he is an absolute gem !
so sweet and so handsome !
everyone should try this cute restaurant out !
everything we got was amazing !
we loved our greek salad , the dressing was very zesty .
overall a good experience and we will be back .
he best dressing i have had .
highly recommend !
first off , it 's family owned and ran .
everyone is super friendly and hospitable .
the food is superb !
everything here is fantastic !
nice , quaint environment , friendly and helpful staff , and awesome food .
a great place to have a quick dinner and a glass of wine .
we love it !
best middle eastern food in phoenix .
service is great .
salad dressing was real authentic .
real good quality lamb you could taste .
freshness you could smell and quite that will bring you back .
so glad we found this place !
super friendly service and great food !
me and my husband both got the chicago gyro and we love it !
we also got the spicy feta fries .
sinful but worth it !
even their grilled vegetables are genius !
my little sister works just down the street and discovered this through work friends .
this is a great little place .
the food is amazing and the service is great .
all amazing .
i will definitely be going there again .
this is such an amazing gem !
we 've tried nearly everything and it 's all delicious !
great menu , great service , great food !
plenty of food and yummy !
hummus is fantastic .
also recommend the gyros , as the meat was well seasoned and tender .
best mediterranean food i 've ever had .
the staff are very friendly and make the dining experience great .
definitely got to try again .
we highly recommend this place for lunch .
we ordered two chicago gyros and shared their spicy feta fries .
the combination with feta really hit the spot .
they serve a good and fresh tasting gyro .
we ca n't speak for it 's authenticity , but our meal was tasty .
oh so good !
the food is absolutely amazing .
the service was great .
one of the best mediterranean restaurants i 've been to !
everything on the menu is fantastic !
this is a great place to have lunch !
the extra kick in the hummus is nice .
seriously some of the best food i 've ever had .
it 's a great place for lamb .
we love it here !
good food , good people , definitely a great neighborhood place .
this place has the best hummus ever !
we have eaten here on numerous occasions and have been consistently impressed !
the service is swift and polite .
one of my favorite dive restaurants in scottsdale .
casual , laid back atmosphere for eating in , but great , prompt service .
the guy was super nice to us and really easy to talk to .
everything was delicious , definitely going to be coming back more often .
the staff is fabulous , always friendly , fast service !
this place is good for lunch or dinner .
amazing mediterranean food !
best gyro i 've had in a long time .
had the world famous gyro with feta and onion , so delicious .
this place is awesome !
if you are looking for a casual mediterranean place , this is the spot .
new delicious mediterranean find for my husband and i !
we started with a small hummus plate which is served with fresh pita .
the customer service is great as well !
nice friendly staff and prompt service .
great authentic mediterranean food .
it was never bad , so this makes this place amazing .
this place is fantastic , best gyro i have ever had .
food came out fast and it 's very reasonable priced .
first time and i love it !
great food for either take out or dine in .
the staff is friendly and engaging .
the food is consistent and outstanding .
they change up their menu often which keeps the selections interesting .
the appetizers are yummy and filling and can be a full meal .
the vet techs are great too and the fees always fair .
he was very kind and gentle with my little guy and was very thorough .
i really liked his demeanor and the staff was very kind as well .
i would definitely recommend him for anyone with small animals .
i recently switched over to this clinic and the service has been wonderful .
dr. roberts is the best vet that i have ever taken my dogs to .
all creatures gets my vote !
check them out they are worth it .
the animal hospital is very clean and spacious .
the vet was nice and knowledgeable .
if you need a new vet , this is the place !
this is such a great vet 's office !
dr. bob is a wonderful veterinarian .
he is so kind and gentle with my dog .
everyone on the staff is a pleasure to deal with .
i have and will continue to recommend your office to others .
i highly recommend all creatures animal clinic !
wonderful staff .
wonderful people who truly care about animals !
the doctor and staffs were wonderful .
thank you all creatures animal clinic !
you guys are the best !
i love this vet office !
they are friendly , caring , and on time !
he is very patient with the pets and people !
i will continue to use this clinic .
love dr. roberts -- and he loves our big dogs !
great staff .
this is simply the best vet in town .
they are thorough and genuinely care about you and your animals .
they are compassionate and intelligent .
highly recommended !
nice friendly neighborhood vet .
he was by far the most thorough and informative of all the other vets .
i highly recommend this clinic .
they are very caring and professional to animals and humans alike .
i highly recommend them !
i moved to ca and upon my return i felt so welcomed back !
love this place .
thanks all creatures , this review is long overdue !
we love all creatures !
very trust worthy .
we 've been going here for years - seen several doctors , all great !
absolutely love this office .
i feel very comfortable taking my pets here and recommend them to others .
this clinic is awesome !
i will not take my animals anywhere else and highly recommend them to everyone !
wonderful veterinarians and staff !
knowledgable , kind , genuine and honest .
this is the best in every aspect .
i trust them completely .
i have been coming to this office for over _num_ years .
the staff is always welcoming , efficient and professional .
my dogs actually love coming in !
thank you all creatures !
overall the whole staff was great and the prices are extremely reasonable .
we are pleased to have found our new animal hospital .
i love both the vets that i have had my dog see .
the front desk and vet techs are very nice too !
this practice really gets it !
got right down to her level and made us all at ease .
dr bob was great and answered all our questions .
he took his time and made the appointment well worth the visit .
will definitely be back .
vets are reasonable and easy to talk to .
loved our experience here !
doctor bob was amazing , his staff is loving , compassionate and very organized !
they are spectacular .
they clearly love what they do .
well done !
i called and they got us a same day appointment .
the front desk staff are caring and professional .
no matter where you live , all creatures is worth the drive !
great people working there !
the docs are great , especially dr. roberts .
we trust them with our family - you can too .
great animal hospital !
highly recommend this animal hospital .
great availability and friendly too .
my husband and i were very impressed with dr. bob and the staff .
all were very friendly and professional and took great care of our little pup .
great , great great !
very professional , caring and reasonable .
he also had a great sense of humor !
i highly recommend this vet clinic !
simply fantastic .
i 'll still drive to come see dr. bob ; he 's the best .
dr. bob and staff are wonderful .
i highly recommend them !
excellent service !
they really care about the animals and their clients .
i am so happy with the treatment my dog got .
he feels better already !
they took such amazing care of my baby and he healed up perfectly !
the staff is so nice and caring .
thank you for taking sweet care of my boy !
love , love , love everyone here !
if we take a pet in - - it 's family !
love all creatures .
staff is always pleasant and does a great job with scheduling .
have and will continue to recommend their office .
honest in treatment plans and medical situation .
they are so friendly and the prices are beyond reasonable !
i recommend them all the time and have never had anyone be disappointed !
both of our dogs see dr. bob and team .
the vet was honest and funny .
very sweet as well .
i would recommend this clinic to any and all pet parents .
they 're the best there is !
also , they are extremely well priced !
dr. bob is the best !
dr. bob always takes his time and answers all of our questions thoroughly .
also , the veterinary assistants are always nice and welcoming to the whole family .
i 'd definitely recommend all creatures if you are looking for a great vet !
the staff is so wonderful , and the business is super clean .
wonderful vet clinic , highly recommend !
so happy to have found them .
awesome staff , very helpful and friendly .
best prices in the valley and get the most for your goods .
this school is amazing .
my daughter loves it here & i recommend it to all my friends .
it has such a warm family feel .
desert dawn & it 's staff are the best !
the kids love the huge playground , learn about gardening and caring for animals .
my daughter is two and loves this school !
we are excited to continue our journey with desert dawn in the coming years .
great staff and always friendly and helpful .
clean , efficient , and friendly .
it 's very convenient .
i also enjoy that i can schedule my lab appointments online .
they carry high-quality food , treats and toys .
they have a great selection of dog and cat food .
prices are reasonable and the people are friendly .
they have a great selection of products , too .
i love this store and definitely will be back !
wow !
love this place !
and a cool big turtle who walks around the store !
the staff is very friendly and helpfull .
i love going to both .
love love love this place !
i feel very lucky to live right down the street from here .
pet food depot is great !
they only carry high quality feed in this joint .
the staff is knowledgeable and willing to make recommendations .
the food and treat selection is amazing and the prices ca n't be beat .
very friendly & helpful staff , they carry specialty dog food at great prices .
love coming here for my fur kids !
even the customers are nice !
that is probably one of the best features for me of this store .
this is the best place to get anything for your pet .
the staff is always great .
staff is accommodating and store is nice .
this is a wonderful place !
they have the best customer service , ever .
i love this store and the staff , great prices and great employees .
they have the best products , food and otherwise .
love this place !
quality products and great prices !
next day picked it up with a very good price .
work was done well and at a very reasonable cost .
great work , done ahead of when promised at a reasonable price .
easy communication .
prompt , solid work at a reasonable price .
great place for pet supplies .
they have the most consistent quality year around .
staff is very helpful .
staff is very nice and helpful .
actually have bought some cute gifts here as well .
highly recommended .
they do a pretty good job .
also very important is they are pretty quick .
the price is reasonable , and i signed up for coupons online .
we will definitely go back .
great haircuts every time with really friendly staff !
i always have a great experience .
she is one of the best and has been there for years .
i take my son to this cool cuts every few months .
they staff is always friendly .
my son had a good experience here .
she did a fabulous job !
i will definitely be going back to this location for his haircuts .
i love this location .
they are wonderful girls !
super friendly and great at cutting hair .
it is such a wonderful hair salon and the kids feel very at ease !
my _num_ year old and _num_ month old son both love it here !
this place is awesome .
lauren is the best .
his hair always looks amazing .
she loved it .
took less than _num_ minutes and they look perfect again !
he is seriously a magician !
service was very friendly and it was a very kick back relaxed atmosphere .
i just expect it to be bad but the food is actually really good .
i have had a salad , a sandwich , and a melt .
all were good good .
: ) the service is always friendly to boot .
definately an experience you could talk about your whole life so remember to visit .
everytime i go i have had a great time !
sooo that speaks for itself !
i will continue to go here whenever i come to phoenix !
they make some pretty good bbq here as well .
love this place .
wings are the best cocktails are good and well priced .
it 's a sports bar , and it does it well .
balls of wonder .
fun environment , friendly staff and decent food !
short , sweet and to the point !
i love their cheesesteaks .
reminds me of midwest food and the service is good .
ok ok so this place looks like a dump , yes .
normally i order a burger medium and it comes well well well done .
here you order it medium , there it is nicely light pink and juicy .
they are big , juicy , and crispy .
i like them medium flavor and they are just spicy enough .
the interior of this place is fun .
overall though it was a fun night with good service !
the food is also great and priced fairly .
i found a new place to hang !
great place for food !
pretty much every dish i 've tried has been great .
my family 's favorite place .
great , not just good , food and a wide selection of beer .
the service is fantastic and occasionally a local band shows up for entertainment .
friday night fish fry and the clam chowder are fantastic !
good service , neat place .
great rotating beer selection .
great staff .
colorful characters nightly lol .
this place is fantastic .
awesome food good people always consistent great place to eat !
love the atmosphere and toy trains moving about above everyone 's head .
lots of tv 's and the staff has always been super awesome .
it 's a true gem .
omg , awesome wings !
service is always on point and the staff is super friendly .
the food is never disappointing and always hot and fresh .
it was delicious .
will def come back !
awesome place , great food , great staff and a really fun atmosphere .
their sandwiches are great .
sean is the best .
received great service both times i 've gone .
love this bar .
mike is the best bartender here !
i always have a blast here !
great food , good times , great selection of beers , staff is awesome .
i 'd recommend it to all my friends !
food is excellent ; service at the bar is awesome .
service was great !
i also got a request to come back for breakfast !
wife loved her salmon salad .
homey energy , feels like a nice neighborhood bar .
cool model train overhead in the main bar area .
prices reasonable .
good people and good fair priced food !
amazing food and friendly staff .
we will definitely be back .
everything was cooked perfectly and have a very balanced flavor .
this is a great place for amazing food and an awesome staff .
i had the shrimp and grits and i will definitely order it again .
great bar food and beer specials .
good american food !
the mushroom cheeseburger is excellent !
best in phoenix .
great customer service and off track betting available .
we had a great time .
the food was great and the server was very nice .
he is great and always takes really good care of us .
this place is awesome !
my family brings everyone here and never a complaint .
staff is always nice and attentive .
they are made from scratch and just fantastic !
it 's a great neighborhood spot to go .
great food , great atmosphere.
wait staff if very friendly and willing to fit your needs .
this place is always freaking good .
shocked at how good the hot wings are at this place .
terrific service in a very comfortable setting .
excellent food , burgers are quality fresh meat , soups are good .
casey jones has been a local favorite for many years !
definitely one of the best places for wings in the area .
menu consists of mainly bar food and beer but everything they serve is delicious .
plenty of tvs to watch and always fast and friendly service .
we 've eaten here a few times and love it !
good food , friendly staff .
the best bar and bar food around .
truly a local gem in the valley !
shawn was awesome and made my visit amazing .
keep into casey jones you she something great here ... .
consistently over the years perfect !
great friendly service and the food all of the menu ... never disappoints !
the staff is always happy even to hand over a take out meal .
please do n't ever change !
oh yeah friendly bar and sports tv .
i would recommend paradise valley eye care to anyone !
nice , courteous and professional .
nice , comfortable atmosphere .
would recommend to anyone !
i was very impressed and appreciative .
the staff is happy , accomodating , all smiles and efficient .
highly recommended .
awesome customer service !
i also did a return and they both made it simple and not complicated .
love this wet seal !
this shop is great !
great staff - great work - so glad i found them !
they did a great job .
very friendly workers .
i am happy .
thanks !
quite decent apartments .
front office staff is very courteous and prompt .
highly recommend .
great location .
great amenities .
great people .
the maintenance crew is always professional .
i love living here .
the office staff is awesome and the maintenance team are terrific .
the owners are very nice .
the shop is clean and they can always get me in without an appointment .
they do good work and they always remember me even after years .
love this place , been going for years !
they were not busy and took me right away .
they were also very friendly !
she 's very sweet and makes good conversation !
i love this place and will be returning frequently !
what a great find on my vacation !
this is your standard strip mall nail salon with amazing service .
best nail salon ever !
they truly care and do quality work !
the best nail salon there is !
each one of the workers are kind and professional .
it 's very affordable .
i had a fantastic time !
we will definitely be getting our nails done here from now on !
nice stop on the way back to california .
they took good care of us , great hot stone with the pedicure .
i highly recommend this family on establishment .
very attentive service , very relaxing , affordable and a nice , clean salon .
highly recommend !
i highly recommend this nail salon .
fast friendly service .
i got a pedicure and was pleasantly surprised with a hot rock massage .
what a nice touch .
whimsical nails was great again .
ann and guy husband do great job teamwork .
wax great job .
i like this small family owned business .
the salon was clean and they were kind & friendly .
for the convenience and price , they ca n't be beat !
the two nail techs were so friendly and gave us great manicures .
this is my new go to place !
probably one of the best gel manicures i 've gotten in awhile .
additionally a very thorough pedicure .
i will definitely be back .
i will be back !
whimsical nails had some great reviews and so we decided to stop in .
we were all able to sit together and enjoy the experience .
not to mention , we got a sweet check-in deal .
their price point is hard to beat !
we will definitely return in the future !
i think i found my new nail place !
great service , pretty toes with a precious flower !
her work is beautiful .
had so much fun finding this place today since i needed nye nails asap !
i will be back since it is so close to work .
loved this place for my acrylic nails .
the guy always did mine and did a good job .
overall a good place but for the price i expect consistency .
anna is amazing and i tell everyone to come here .
the staff is friendly and efficient .
best pedicure i 've had in a long time !
they are always kind and get you in and out at a reasonable time .
prices are fair for what you get and the nail colors are endless !
david was kind , gentle , meticulous and amazing !
removal was painless and quick !
they are absolutely perfect !
ever !
i had a classic facial and highly recommend .
my face never looked so good and refreshed .
monica gave me so much good information for future care .
for a mature woman ( _num_ ) it is worth a visit .
it is truly a place for mind , body and soul .
always very helpful !
this best buy is pretty nice .
the staff are friendly , they normally have a good selection .
i just wanted to say thank you again to him !
he is so helpful and overall the best customer service i have ever had !
i 've always received stellar service from best buy and geek squad .
she was savvy , sweet and helpful beyond words .
i recommend katie to anyone with computer issues .
thank you so much !
i trust best buy and geek squad every time !
the best customer experience ever .
i will definitely be back .
i have been their customer for years and have always received an excellent service .
i recommend this store for all the smokers and specially hookah enthusiasts .
great place to grab any essentials , they have it all !
i always go there and encourage my friends to go there !
i would definitely recommend this tailor .
they did it fast and they did it right .
but overall , i 'm very happy .
been coming here for years and have always been happy with the tailoring .
quick turn and reasonable prices - certainly worth not having to do it myself .
i love this place .
amazing work ladies !
price was reasonable for what i was asking for .
this place is awesome .
this place always smells so good walking by !
great prices , sales , great smells ... .
got some good stuff at great prices .
and , as always , friendly courteous service .
the meal was right on time and hot .
great staff !
friendly .
never disappoints - love their salad with honey mustard and then their sinful sunday .
the service is always great !
superb customer service .
great food .
excellent service !
it was worth the extra cash !
always great !
every time we go , we enjoy what we get .
my husband got the ribeye medium rare and said it was perfect .
i got the filet medium and it was fantastic .
i also got veggies with it and even the veggies were delicious .
solid , consistent chain food .
highly recommend .
we love going to this location .
we will continue to go back !
food was delicious !
the staff is always really friendly and the place is kept clean every time .
sat at the bar and had a very good experience .
the lettuce wedge salad is excellent and the burger was done to perfection .
the service was very attentive at the bar .
a good place to watch a game , have a drink , and eats .
both the manager and the server went way above and beyond .
it was so nice to experience such excellent service .
food is definately decent .
the food was delicious and reasonable priced .
all in all a very pleasant experience .
thank you fred !
it was fantastic .
the ribs were incredible , and the prime rib was cooked perfectly .
went last night and it was good stuff !
had a very good meal here .
very good service from the young waitress who remembered us when we returned .
enjoyable and reasonably priced .
good value for money .
service is always fantastic .
server russell is super friendly , proficient , and professional .
the management team has always been on point and accessible .
i definitely recommend this particular outback !
had _num_ oz rib eye cooked medium well .
this place is fantastic .
the food is fabulous and the service is excellent .
he said it was excellent .
i had the onion soup and it was fantastic .
the prime rib was so tender you did n't need a knife .
rebecca w. was a sweet and speedy server .
outstanding food and service .
we are regulars and we love it .
prime rib is the best .
waiter was terrific .
always a pleasure having dinner with the family .
keep up the great work .
great dinner our first at this outback .
bob is extremely knowledgeable and makes sure that the customer gets what they need .
i highly recommend this store and the salesman named bob .
i 've used this location on quite a few occasions .
i 've been extremely pleased with the quality of print services i 've received .
awesome that this location is open on sundays .
great burgers , cooked how you like .
burgers are the best i have had at any restaurant .
love it !
great service .
and it comes with fries for about _num_ bucks .
great burgers !
good food , nothing super delicious that makes me have cravings .
they do have sweet potato fries that you can order , big plus .
the restaurant itself is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept .
great burgers and great service .
love the hawaiian burger with fresh onions rings .
the restaurant has a nice atmosphere .
actually they thought it had a lot of options .
it was great a very tasty and juicy burger .
this is a great place for some very unique burgers with a great twist .
the staff has always been very friendly and the food well prepared .
i 'll try it again and hopefully next time there will be more .
i also love the atmosphere .
had a very good blue cheese burger .
the service was good .
one of the best burgers in arizona .
definitely recommend stopping by for an awesome burger and fantastic sweet potato fries .
islands staff , thanks for great memories and good luck to you all !
tasty food at a decent price .
nice local alternative to paradise bakery .
seriously , i love it .
amazing bread , soups , sandwiches , pastries .
this is my favorite place for sandwiches and salads .
the bakery items are also very good .
it has a prime location and everything is made fresh in house .
then i saw it waiting for me : a beautiful red head .
she looked so sweet and rich and i could n't deny my cravings .
oh , and the croissant sandwich was pretty good , too .
the food at this place is top notch !
`` nancy 's favorite sandwich '' is also suzanne 's : ) .
this place is amazing !
a new favorite for me .
i highly recommend it !
i love this place !
nice place surrounded by many fast food places .
super dog friendly as well with the outdoor seating .
best sandwich shop around !
real small place .
unique breakfast and lunch offerings .
the food was great .
i was impressed with everything i tried .
this is our new favorite place !
we went for a breakfast date and it was just amazing .
the girls working there are so sweet and help so much .
every time we go the service is amazing .
their breakfast is fantastic , i especially love the sour team muffins .
delicious sandwich , croissant was delicious .
they have by the far the best bread i have ever tasted !
love it !
i ordered soup and a sandwich , both delish !
the most amazing southern pecan pie !
we all loved it !
enjoy !
thank you monica !
this place is a working bakery !
great food .
an small interesting place to try .
i liked the french toast .
the egg and bacon sandwich was also very good and comes with strawberries .
i love to come here for breakfast !
their chai tea latte is the best !
i love this neighborhood gem !
they have fantastic salads and sandwiches .
their bread is the best !
the croissant was delicious .
the tea was fresh and not bitter .
their menu looked great .
i 'll definitely be back for food sometime soon .
quality of dining was well spent !
really great !
if you have n't been here before i highly recommend it .
but by far my favorite is their breakfast items .
their benedict 's best is so delicious .
thumbs way up here .
fresh ingredients , inventive menu and super friendly staff .
love this cafe !
such yummy breakfast foods and i always indulge in their yummy dessert items !
it is super clothes to the mall and easy access !
overall a very delicious bakery !
everything was delicious , i also recommend the salads .
consistently amazing breakfast burritos .
great food !
the food is well worth the trip , try it out !
great spot in paradise valley !
it was flavorful and just the right size portions .
definitely will stop by again !
i got the # _num_ chicken salad sandwich and it was amazing !
so refreshing and it had grapes !
the tea is so fresh !
so fresh , so real !
both the soup and sandwich were absolutely fantastic , i will be back !
service was friendly and quick .
the food was fresh and very good .
lunch menu looks very promising with lots of interesting combinations .
the lunch special was good and i liked the soup bowls .
fresh pastry selections are amazing .
i found this place on yelp , visiting phoenix for the day .
great , cozy feel inside .
finally tried the breakfast here and it was amazing .
always friendly folks working behind the counter .
i will definitely come back to eat here !
it is really good , and it always has been .
i love getting a plain turkey sandwich and it is always amazing !
i recommend this place .
i just love it so much !
i almost always order that with a side of delicious potato salad .
what a cute little place !
cute little breakfast spot .
the muffin was huge and so light and fluffy .
will definitely be back again to try some other things .
our favorite go to lunch spot every time we come to town .
i love their salads .
we stumbled upon this place and it was spectacular .
will return for fresh baked bread chicken sandwich with fresh roasted chilies .
french toast is perfect .
it was truly amazing !
fresh food , excellent presentation , knowledgeable , kind , and caring staff !
excellent sandwiches always made with fresh bread and great service from the staff .
i loved the fruit tart .
the staff here that i 've dealt with have always been pleasant .
overall , top notch .
i love this guy !
he 's old school and a very competent dr. !
score !
dr. grant and his staff are amazing .
they are very caring and through .
excellent , excellent , excellent !
needless to say , i am very pleased !
the staff is friendly , and includes several resident office cats .
dr. 's grant and woods and their staff truly care about cats .
the lady at the front desk was very polite and fun to talk to .
they treat your pet as if it was their own .
this place is top notch !
thanks dr. grant and staff !
he has always been attentive to my cat 's needs and explains everything .
they were fast acting , accurate and thorough .
thank you for making my experience as pleasant as it could be .
all of the staff is very friendly and helpful .
and staff thank you .
she gave me affordable good options and was very sweet .
dr wood is the best !
she is so caring and knowledgable .
the office is very nice .
everyone is professional .
i would highly recommend them .
they gave her a cute `` lion '' haircut and even a cat t-shirt !
she recovered nicely from her procedure and is doing great !
they are true `` cat people '' !
this will be our persian kitty 's new vet !
i love this place !
the staff is friendly & capable .
great office staff !
they were all very friendly and personable .
the doctor was amazing as well !
i was very very impressed and will definitely be back !
good selection and competitive prices .
excellent selection of clothing and gear for good prices .
love this place .
gus is warm and funny .
he 'll work with you on your price range .
they run great specials and are quick with the tailoring .
this place is worth the money !
the service , price and quality i received were excellent .
this is the best tailor in town !
they really can fix anything .
in this store , hoa is perfect in doing jeans .
you 'll love it for sure .
i went in today to get them touched up at brother 's .
gus is absolutely the man .
thank you for all of your help i will definitely come back .
this is a good old fashioned , local , family business .
a winning combination !
very happy with product .
phenomenal service .
this place is legit and gus is great .
a tad eccentric -- but great .
totally worth it because i love the finished product !
they helped me right on the spot and did n't even charge me .
the nicest and most helpful tailors .
i 'd recommend them to anyone !
best alteration shop in phoenix .
extremely friendly staff and great custom suits .
i highly recommend this place to everyone !
had a suit altered , fantastic job and polite service .
thank you !
great service all around , great deals on suits , highly recommended .
an extremely classy operation , and would highly recommend .
it really has the look and feel of a fine department store .
they are amazing !
my family has been going to them for years .
always nice and excellent quality work .
these guys have been great to work with .
simply the best .
i have been searching for a decent tailor and finally found it !
this shop is the best .
they are very professional , very reasonable and fast !
if you are looking for a great tailor , you will find it here !
they are extremely talented and work very quickly .
great experience at brother 's tailors !
the whole staff was awesome and the suits are fresh !
wonderful high quality suits with excellent customer service .
they are fabulous !
we 've also purchased several great men 's suits & designer shirts from gus .
great caring family business that will keep your family looking their best !
thankful for this great shop in my neighborhood !
what a great experience !
excellent customer service !
i would recommend visiting peter , he will make you look your very best !
i feel more confident and i actually enjoy looking good .
i was very happy with the staff and the professionalism of this company .
this place is amazing !
last saturday we picked up everything and it all fit perfectly .
all of the people there were great and easy to work with .
great to see that great customer service is not dead !
our family has purchased three suits here and love all of them .
they have a great selection and amazing service .
brothers tailors fitted me & my entire wedding party .
they made us look great and the service was phenomenal .
peter is our favorite and who highly recommend him .
great sense of style , taste , and always honest .
this is a great family owned business .
you 'll leave looking your best and feel like a million bucks .
excellent customer service excellence and a great price !
service is friendly and fast .
thousands of fabrics from modest to the finest on the earth .
my highest recommendation !
so fresh and so clean does n't really scratch the surface .
happy yelping phoenix , i 'll see you in your one of a kinds .
brothers tailors is quite simply the best tailor shop in arizona .
this place is the best !
best part ... .
amazing !
she assured me that she would take care of us .
the price , the service , and the quality were fantastic .
brothers tailors will have you looking and feeling amazing .
gus and peter take so much pride in their work and it shows .
thank you so much for all of your help !
gus and team know about quality , value and customer service .
definitely the best in the business .
josh does excellent work , though not always in a timely fashion .
i have always had excellent experiences here .
they have a huge selection of signs , posts , etc .
it 's been my go to place for years and will continue to be .
finally a auto shop you can trust !
i would definitely recommend this location !
the manager jim was very friendly and professional .
overall i was pleased with their work and i will return again .
this was a pleasant experience that i would recommend to others .
everyone at the front desk and elsewhere has always been kind and caring .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
fast drive-thru window , great location , fast service and clean lobby .
i think this location is pretty good .
the bank is clean .
security officer is friendly .
so happy that they are also near my new home .
jared definitely delivered .
great service .
great products .
the ring is beautiful and going back to have the wedding band custom made .
fast and prompt service .
very friendly staff .
definitely come to this office .
it literally is right around the corner .
i was extremely impressed !
the security guard was friendly ( and adorable ! )
easy and friendly .
wonderful easy experience !
the employees are nice and very accomodating .
frozen lemonade , please !
had a great experience with abc glass .
they were honest , fair and provided great quality work .
the installers arrived on time and performed with experience and skill .
i found their prices to be competitive and their service to be top notch .
great prices and has excellent customer service .
my mirrors turned out perfect , i highly recommend abc glass !
anywho - thanks .
it was done so fast !
i highly recommend them !
the whole meal was only about _num_ bucks and the service was outstanding .
eat , drink and be merry my friends .
ok - but seriously .
good job and great food .
she was nice and friendly .
food was good .
she did a special order waffle for us and it was delicious !
she even poured our refills !
we will always visit this location when we are in the area .
in addition , randy is a great evening manager .
the perfect balance between delicate sweetness and protein .
it was such a pleasant experience with a really great waitress .
what great service .
thank you so much !
he does a surprisingly great job , no matter how busy it is .
i think this is the best ihop i 've ever been to .
best pancakes i 've had in a very long time .
i give it _num_ stars .
waitstaff is very friendly and efficient .
i have the same thing all the time and sean already knows it .
i had a ham and cheese omelette and it was delicious .
it was exactly what i was wanting and cooked perfectly .
our server was fast and friendly .
best dining experience ever !
service was awesome !
food was amazing !
you should eat here !
everything was delicious !
even my daughter 's burger was very good .
dave came highly recommended to me by a knowledgable , trusted friend .
it 's like a new car again !
he is an extremely knowledgeable , down to earth and a genuinely nice guy .
worked with them for years on all my family cars .
they do excellent body work , too .
it takes a lot for me to feel comfortable with auto mechanics .
finally ... a shop to trust !
best place ever !
always friendly , well educated , know their product and give great service .
i love how they are always inviting and want to show me everything new !
one of the better locations in the area .
they are always clean and nicely organized .
great store and always so friendly .
they have awesome customer service and very friendly staff .
the place is very clean and everything is always stocked .
one of my favorite places to grocery shop .
frys grocery quality always wins .
this place is great .
i have a lot of clients that stay here and the service is exceptional .
it was just remodeled and looks great .
the menu did n't look interesting online but the food was perfect once there .
huge , beautiful rooms .
staff genuinely cared .
lovely grounds , lovely service , lovely wedding .
the hotel is right on a pretty golf course .
the grounds are delightful .
i hear the honeymoon suite is gorgeous !
the pics looked beautiful .
the food was very good for a catered event .
love the walking trails .
wow !
i enjoyed staying here !
we had three adults and two children and everyone had plenty of room !
highly recommended !
this place was amazing !
glen the man at the front check in desk was extremely helpful and friendly !
i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone !
the very was very nice and serene .
the location was great .
they are back to their old wonderful form .
this is a wonderful place .
the staff was exceptional .
the grounds where very nice and clean .
i would definitely recommend this embassy suites to others .
good stay overall .
we were given a corner room with a great golf course view .
the kids enjoyed the pool at night .
the food was amazing -- i felt incredibly spoiled at breakfast !
quite the opposite , actually !
aaron checked us in and he had the best customer service !
this was by far an amazing experience !
the staff gave the best service day and night !
they truly made our checking in easy and were very friendly and knowledgable !
we will definitely be back !
good hotel with great value .
definitely an experience .
great hotel .
everything was great .
nice hotel friendly staff .
good a/c .
our room had a beautiful view of the parking lot .
used third night stay free package which was an excellent value .
i would recommend this place to my friends and family .
great place to stay .
staff is always friendly and treat you like family .
free happy hour with finger foods rooms are clean and nice .
the pool is great and the free full on breakfast tops it off .
i love embassy suites .
this location is great .
staff very friendly .
rooms clean and roomy .
breakfast is good too .
very clean !
the staff was just amazing such stellar hospitality !
great hotel !
great hotel , great value , free happy hour , beautiful pool .
very comfortable bed and a great selection at the restaurant for breakfast and dinner .
love it here !
super nice staff that is happy to assist in anyway possible .
great location by the pv mall .
the breakfast is always nice to have in house when you get up .
complimentary breakfast and happy hour were awesome !
everyone was so nice and ready to help .
i recommend this hotel to anyone heading this way .
it 's a nice hotel with some rooms facing the golf course .
it 's a comfortable place to stay .
awesome place to stay !
will definitely go back for a fifth !
the facility itself is clean and relatively up to date .
the free breakfast was well above average and adds value to the cost .
i 'll happily return .
i love kfc .
it 's kfc !
it more expensive than most fast food but still good once in awhile .
friendly service , and the kids were satisfied with their food .
sonic does a fabulous job of cooking their tots well done .
they are awesome !
just right !
so good for a quick bite .
fist of all you all make me sick .
40th street and greenway sonic is the best !
they show appreciation for your business .
satisfied and great food !
very friendly and accommodating !
thanks guys !
he knows what he is talking about and makes it an easy transaction .
highly recommend .
this place is good .
the _num_ mini tacos are great .
the carne aside and pollo asada are good .
best mexican in this area .
good prices and i always get my food fast .
it is clean and delish .
i love this place .
she is up front and you can tell she loves her job .
they are amazing and even sent me flowers after my pet passed away .
that is classy .
great service .
i recommend them .
this is a great office that can be trusted .
her love of animals shows in everything she does .
the staff are always pleasant .
they are always professional .
i would high recommend , them .
she and her staff are truly amazing .
she is amazing when treating dog allergies .
they 're great !
they treat you like family .
i give them _num_ plus stars for all the care and love they give .
this office is very quick , efficient , friendly , and helpful .
i highly recommend this office .
the staff was so kind , the atmosphere was great too !
i love coming here .
the doctors and staff are so friendly and honest .
super friendly , accommodating and caring .
the general manager at this location is amazing .
very efficient and quick way to keep your car clean .
score !
this place is pretty good .
these guys and gals do such a great job !
which for me as a costumer , makes my experience more enjoyable .
the guys and gals working there are always friendly and helpful .
great service and honesty .
great work daniel !
outstanding !
best service , good people friendly fast and efficient .
i 'll definitely be back !
great customer service on his part .
thank you !
attention to detail is pretty good .
thanks guys !
i recommend this location !
i pulled up and the young guy working was so helpful and kind .
great customer service !
good job on car wash and will take care of anything needed if not !
please give him a raise so you keep him around .
the staff are super friendly .
the hand wash is good .
not the best , but good for the price .
great service and wash .
very efficient and gets you through quick .
they did a superb job washing and cleaning inside my car .
recommend everyone to bring your car in .
you 'll be pleased with the service .
the glass specialist steven was very attentive , professional and friendly .
awesome staff !
thank you guys so much !
had my black truck detailed after it was damaged in the recent storm .
thanks !
the service was speedy and everyone was super friendly .
matt , the certified mechanic , offered to help me .
fast service , no sales pressure , good value !
recommend .
i was able to pull in immediately and was friendly greeted by matt .
i am always so thankful to come here !
matt is always smiling and is always so helpful !
i always enjoy getting my car washed here .
everyone is so friendly and courteous .
my husband and i are _num_ & _num_ and he treats us so well .
he is really great .
he put the spare on and was a huge help !
great customer service !
was the easiest and most pleasurable car wash experience to date !
scott was extraordinarily helpful , friendly and warm .
shall definitely return !
truly appreciated matt 's help !
i had a great experience today .
he was friendly and easy going .
scott always greets me happily .
thanks for being so attentive .
thanks for all the hard work and keep up the good work .
i will definitely be a returning customer because of scott and his team !
service is top notch , and they do a great job every time .
best cobblestone i 've been to in the valley .
best oil change in town .
the managers matt and scott always make sure you are happy before you leave .
this is my favorite location !
great service great price and super fast !
def recommend !
this time , it was a pleasant surprise .
i wanted a genuine experience and that 's what i got . )
great breakfast burritos .
the people that work there are so friendly .
great chili relleno !
the nicest person with great recommendations and knows his menu and food .
this is one of my absolute favorite places for steak burritos .
excellent takeout and prices ca n't be beat .
really liked the nachos .
the owner is very nice & friendly .
the food was delicious and authentic .
the special for today , camarones rancheros , was amazing !
the price was very reasonable too !
definitely worth giving a try !
very pleasantly surprised .
great service , clean atmosphere , and homemade food .
great chips and salsa while we waited for our food .
the food is authentic and the owner is a very nice guy .
all we got were the breakfast burritos , but they were amazing !
i would highly recommend this place !
fantastic mexican .
everything is made fresh and the owner is a great host .
great food .
super delicious burritos !
the guacamole was fresh , and we both devoured our food .
it was definitely one of the best we have had since moving from california .
also , the owner who works the front is helpful and very nice .
got ta give them props .
i work here and i 'm awesome so come see me !
classic big city barber shop !
each one with a good story to tell .
best barber shop in the valley .
secondly the establishment was very clean .
excellent cut .
consistently good haircut .
what a great place !
hot towel , massage , and a great haircut !
let me tell you my _num_ yr old was so happy !
very professional and modern !
highly recommend for men !
such an awesome experience .
today 's experience was great .
i will surely come back again !
nice shop i would recommend stopping by .
the best barber shop in phoenix , scottsdale .
always consistently good .
my first visit today , great experience .
nice way to treat yourself as a guy thing to do .
great haircut , great attention to detail .
great staff and always the best haircut .
michael the owner is one of the best in the business .
just moved back to phoenix and decided to check this place out .
peter cut my hair and did an excellent job .
it is a consistently clean cut and a great shave .
it 's comfortable , and peaceful .
anyways i highly recommend this place .
the experience was excellent .
impressed by the detail and customer service .
classic barber shop is one of the best in phoenix .
since moving here from nyc i have been looking for a great barber .
i finally found one .
he always does a great job and is very thorough .
all in all a great place for a cut .
pete will cut your hair and you will be happy .
best haircut in town .
classic barber shop is always clean , courteous and professional .
prices are reasonable and i highly recommend this barbershop .
really neat place , right by shogun , a favorite dining spot .
i will be back when in town .
first of all this place is just as the name states , classic .
mostly good .
great spot , especially for kids !
peter is great !
the entire staff is very friendly !
i highly recommend this place !
really nice lady gave me a good cut and excellent customer service .
these guys are fantastic , quick , and very friendly .
he can help you find the right mattress for an awesome deal .
also , the delivery guys were great .
he knows a lot about mattresses !
check it out !
great priced and service .
not so fun .
the guys who work here are very good at what they do .
i even asked for a good place to eat ... such a yelper .
eat , drink .
and be merry my friends !
this place has saved me many times .
thank you batteries plus ... .
job well done .
nice employees , fast service and i left happy .
guys are nice friendly and helpful .
great service every time .
this is great news .
great place , i always get my car battery from here .
other than that , they are amazing .
big thanks to mike and his staff at this location !
great service !
thank you !
good inventory and very professional .
all is well !
nice enough staff to help me .
his staff was great to work with as well .
i 'm thrilled that i got this done .
it 's pretty cool !
my vision is great and i thank southwestern eye center for that !
this is the closest one to me and is on the way to work .
they are consistent each and every time i go in .
the kids that work there are actually friendly and personable .
this place is ok with me .
i love this location .
keep up the good work and happy holidays !
love this jamba juice .
if you 're in the smoothie biz , please say it right .
jamba juice always does great !
the store is always extremely clean and employees are very courteous .
super friendly staff providing delicious drink and food options .
i 'm always greeted with a smile .
this jamba juice is consistent with all the others .
jus love 'em .
the manager is really great as are her employees .
fast service .
michael is fast and awesome .
thanks man !
they make healthy taste good !
they are quick , friendly , and clean .
delicious ... .
this store is clean and the staff is pleasant .
just a good , solid neighborhood bar .
kind of like bikini lounge used to be , but cleaner and with food .
one of the best wings i have ever had .
the sauces are wonderful !
we will definitely check it out again and attempt to karaoke .
great food and awesome staff .
steak and eggs special on weekends that go great with a bloody mary .
love the food !
this is the best karaoke in town , bar none .
great job guys , keep up the good work .
fun dive bar .
great drink and food specials .
surprisingly good food and reasonable drink prices !
they spice up the week with nightly trivia and weekly free comedy shows .
fun place , great karaoke and awesome servers .
we enjoyed the food and the vibe !
yay , we just found our spot !
constant flow of different customers and they all leave happy !
, she 's so sweet !
long story short , we love this place !
great table service for a afternoon stop .
good place for friends and conversation .
it was an excellent place to bring someone for their first time singing karaoke !
we had good food at reasonable prices .
lots of couples , and groups of women having fun .
great taco 's i had the carne asada ... delicious fresh made to order .
my husband and i enjoy going to this bar .
we have gone many times and we pretty much always get the same thing .
taco 's and bud light .
our waitress is very nice and we never have empty glasses .
lots of different types of people here just needing to unwind and have fun .
best thing ever .
does great job .
great , casual dive bar !
affordable drinks and awesome food .
the tacos and pulled pork sliders are amazing !
service can be hit or miss , but mostly it 's good .
delicious dive bar food .
loved it .
waitress was a little dingy , but service was still good .
my wife & i love this place !
it my be the best place in phx for taco 's no lie !
_num_ star dive bar is right !
if you 're into karaoke , this is your new local spot for sure .
the best dive bar in north phoenix for sure !
this is most likely the best dive bar around .
the service is very good considering how busy it gets .
great little hangout on wednesday nights to play trivia !
the hosts are amazing and keep it fun !
the servers are personable and the food is better than one would expect .
great people .
everyone is very professional and helpful .
thank god they found it .
the staff was extremely nice and apologetic .
this place is a hidden treasure .
i loved it !
and i am very happy with my hands and feet .
love love love !
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
_num_ pm is quiet and the service is great .
food is denny 's good and quick .
the waitress was exceptionally nice and very efficient .
food & service is usually really good .
i love this place !
good food and attentive service .
service was good and quick .
so staff good work and ignore ignorant drunk people like that !
updates look beautiful as does the new menu options .
wait staff was very pleasant and we had really great experience once again .
smoothie king is more about the fruit and that 's particularly refreshing .
i love this place .
will be back again next time i 'm in town for sure !
right up my alley .
i also like the wide variety of smoothies to choose from .
the store and customer service is always great and friendly !
keep up the great job , and sure to see you all soon !
great smoothies .
but very tasty and great protein options .
excellent service every time .
the owner is their often and he keeps things running very well .
very friendly staff .
fast and friendly service .
this is a great place to get a cool refreshing smoothie .
the customer service is awesome .
i was greeted fast with a smiling face .
excellent customer service !
they were super friendly and very fast !
i highly recommend !
excellent customer service !
they were super friendly and very fast !
i came here saturday at noon with my girl brooke .
i 'd definitely come here again !
i love this place .
not only is it affordable they do an amazing job every time .
the designs are gorgeous !
its worth the _num_ dollars extra .
everyone is super nice .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
this place is amazing !
twin is great , vivian is great , overall very friendly people !
they take care of me every time with a smile .
the ladies that work here are great and friendly !
i have been coming here for years and these ladies do a fantastic job .
these ladies always do their best and it last _num_ weeks .
great nail shop .
they were busy , but they got us right in for our appointment .
i would recommend making an appointment before you go in .
this facility has moved across the street to _num_ e. bell suite _num_ .
the guys and gals that work here have always been efficient and helpful .
friendly staff , prompt service , clean store .
i have to say their customer service is fantastic and their prices are right .
very fast and friendly !
great job !
very pleased with this store and their staff .
first rate .
i really like this place .
both indoor and outdoor seating , the food is pretty good .
nice place for a casual time .
this place is very nice for the area of town .
but all in all i was happy with the services i received .
he is amazing at what he does .
i recommend everyone to him for nails .
they are a dynamic duo .
best of all , it 's affordable .
i highly recommend them to all .
one of the best pedicures i have ever had !
because everything was great , i am able to over look that .
great designs and 3d nail art .
this salon is definately in good hands !
always the same , always perfect !
i definately recommend them !
amazing , i highly recommend it .
lots of choices for acrylics !
so sweet !
i had a wonderful experience .
i was highly impressed and will definitely be going back .
absolutely fabulous !
i am so impressed !
gel nails for $ _num_ and the look perfect !
i love theresa .
she 's the best !
she is always happy to meet any request i have for my nails .
her pedicures are amazing too .
love this place .
always a great experience when walking through those doors !
i loved it .
definitely coming here again .
great service !
theresa does my nails .
she is a master at her craft .
my nails come out perfect every time .
the rest of the staff are great too and do my pedicures .
everyone is so nice and friendly here .
still the best !
the best place ever !
best place i 've found in phoenix .
very sweet staff !
they did an amazing job with my gel manicure and on my pedicure .
i will definitely be coming back !
i love this place !
these staff are very friendly and funny .
also the prices are reasonable , cheaper than some places .
i had a good experience at tiffany 's nail salon .
the nail tech was friendly and courteous .
she was meticulous and thorough in her work .
the tech managed to make them look nice and healthy .
great service and beautiful nails .
i am very pleased !
best place in town and i have been to a few .
great service with every person that works here .
prices are right too !
i am so very happy with the set of nails i had done .
great atmosphere and very clean .
wonderful experience all the way around .
his skills are amazing !
i absolutely love coming here .
great place !
it is affordable and clean .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
i will definitely come back again .
they did an awesome job on my nails .
the young guy they got working there is an artist !
everyone was very friendly .
this place was so great - perfect date spot .
the food was wicked delicious !
our favorite italian restaurant in phoenix .
great food , great friendly service , very unpretentious .
fantastic place to eat !
workers are always friendly and helpful , and most importantly food is great .
if you want great italian do yourself a favor and head to roma garden !
the food was amazing .
there were _num_ of us and we were all very happy with our dishes .
the italian sausage is amazing !
amazing place .
i had the swordfish with pasta and fresh veggies .
delicious great service !
went with a few people and everyone loved it .
wonderful !
the bread and salads were also delicious .
the food was good and rich in quality .
love this place .
their pasta is made fresh and the almost everything on the menu is good .
service is always prompt , even when i order togo .
this place knows what it is and does it well .
the lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs are solid choices .
overall , a very comfortable evening with good food and service !
the food and the atmosphere were great .
i would definitely recommend giving it a try !
it 's a great place to dine with you and your family .
the best italian restaurant in phoenix ; better value than aiello 's .
finally , a restaurant that knows how to cook pasta !
their ravioli is amazing !
great food and service .
both were delicious .
the food at this place is amazing .
so far best italian restaurant in phoenix .
great food , great atmosphere .
the waiter took very good care of each of us .
everyone seemed to enjoy their meal and we definitely will return .
amazing italian food !
inside it is a cozy , romantic restaurant .
everything was incredibly flavorful and cooked perfectly .
it was very good as usual .
this is absolutely the best italian restaurant in phoenix .
very friendly .
fantastic environment , lively personable waiters , and delicious food .
a strip mall gem .
but once inside you are impressed .
very cozy feel to the place .
the food is so good compared to most food in az .
it is a twist on ur classic italian food .
with full on italian music playing .
but it gets _num_ stars because the food was really good and the service .
this is surprising gem of a restaurant .
the food is very tasty , service was great .
excellent family owned business that knows how to make real italian dishes !
best italian food i 've ever had .
they got us in late notice on new years eve with a packed house .
reasonable prices and easy access to parking rounds out the pleasant experience .
the roma garden is literally a hidden gem .
make sure you tell them you found them on yelp .
food and service we excellent .
the service was helpful , knowledgeable and very attentive .
the prices are very reasonable .
highly recommended !
thank you !
finally wonderful italian food ... yumm & double yumm !
lots of fresh quality options here .
we went here for the first time last night .
we will return real soon to try some more delicious italian food .
great job by our server marco .
wonderful italian food and spectacular service .
certain to return to this gem of a find .
love the food our server marco was amazing .
the service is good , the food is great .
the food is fantastic - authentic italian .
the service is excellent - very attentive to our needs .
this was a nice touch to an already top-notch meal .
this is an excellent restaurant .
a neighborhood restaurant with great food .
perfect !
enjoyed some bread and a nice glass of malbec while waiting on my order .
meal was hot and tasted great .
would recommend it .
great atmosphere .
awesome food service and atmosphere .
the food was wonderful and the staff very friendly and attentive .
i will definitely come back again .
awesome food , they are gluten free friendly !
eat here !
pretty impressed with this hidden gem in phoenix .
great service , amazing italian cuisine and definitely a strong , loyal following .
thank you eric who was the most amazing server he explained everything wonderfully !
ambiance is romantic and cozy .
very knowledgeable about all the dishes and have great recommendations !
def will return !
what an amazing meal .
superb !
i love their food , and atmosphere .
very much like eating at mom 's house .
my date for prom took me here before hand and it was absolutely amazing !
fantastic service , food , and a very friendly atmosphere .
we had a double date here and we were so pleased !
our waitress was super friendly and attentive , and our food tasted great !
amazing !
this place is a gem !
server was on point , very attentive , and polite .
the bread was fresh and the herb butter was extra nice .
the white sauce was light and tasty .
found this place so i went there and placed a to go order .
i ordered the linguine with pink sauce and imitation crab , very good !
great service and great food .
great stuff .
service was good .
excellent local , family owned restaurant .
the servers are polite , lovely decor and excellent italian food .
the recipes have been around for years and have been consistently delicious and authentic .
warm , fresh bread with awesome herb butter .
the salad was excellent .
the bread and butter was incredible .
it was obviously made from scratch and tasted so good !
what a great find .
amazing .
so glad we found this gem of a place so close to home .
this place knows what they are doing and their service it spectacular .
perfect evening with great service , we will be back !
both of us were so pleased !
great service , great bread , awesome cesar side salad , and awesome food !
we drove _num_ minutes to eat here and it was definitely worth the trip !
we will definitely be coming back !
wow !
absolutely amazing .
nice intimate atmosphere , portions are good and the food is flavorful and delicious .
the food , atmosphere , and service were all great .
absolutely perfect experience at roma .
salad , lasagna and wine was top-notch .
service was perfect , even the table chairs were amazing comfortable .
i highly recommend this great spot !
i loved this place and the service was the best you could ask for .
food was great , wine superb , wait staff excellent .
just finished a great lunch ... pollo parmigiana .
friendly and knowledgable service coupled with reasonable menus and prices .
good for lunch or dinner .
it was a great touch at the end of a delicious meal .
i highly recommend this spot and will definitely be back !
very good !
service and food was great .
we will definitely recommend to others .
wow !
great find !
so happy my husband and i gave this place a shot !
and she said it was very good also .
it 's nice to take her to a great restaurant and eat something delicious .
love this place !
it 's good everytime !
it was amazing !
the workers are always friendly and polite .
would highly recommend this place to everyone .
my husband and i recently dined here and we loved it .
the service was on point and extremely friendly .
the food was fantastic and the cannoli was delicious .
we will definitely be back .
a sincere thank you to all who make dining here a delight !
thank you !
came for the valentine 's special .
my wife gave me one of her ravioli , and it was delicious .
it 's close to our home , and we like it .
a sincere thank you to all who make dining here a delight !
thank you !
hidden gem !
the starter bread was great too .
service was friendly and fast .
i love this place .
this is a great little italian restaurant .
it serves up traditional italian food , at very reasonable prices .
one of my favorite dishes is the lasagne .
will return !
very colorful place , clean , and great service .
nice place for small groups and families .
pleasantly surprised !
one of our favorite joints to eat at .
best chips in salsa in the valley in my opinion .
love it .
good fresh food .
reasonable price .
love the rice !
love this place !
margaritas are delicious , and the servers are always friendly and accomodating .
i also enjoy that they recently added more seafood dishes to their menu .
best green chili pork in arizona .
tender , tasty and no fat .
big fan of their salsa .
love this place !
the service is great and the food is delicious !
great food , and good service .
prices are reasonable as well .
still very good .
service with christopher was great , food was good !
some minor changes would make this a great little place !
as good as it gets .
great service !
great food !
delicious salsa !
very clean and friendly staff also .
i highly recommend the cactus margarita !
my husband and i always enjoy eating at julio g 's .
the queso dip is the best .
and our absolute favorite is the pollo diablo fried extra crispy !
i always enjoy my servers .
they always polite and informative .
keep up the great work !
the chips and salsa are fantastic ... that 's what keeps bringing us back .
this is my one year olds favorite restaurant as she loves the salsa .
the food is amazing .
best chips and salsa and guacamole .
we love julio g 's and will keep coming ... all the time lol .
definitely recommend !
also , the best mexican food value around !
staff is sooo nice .
drinks are super reasonable and they always ask if you need anything at all .
great margaritas , delicious food and awesome service .
i definitely recommend this place .
service is usually very good , rarely have to wait for a table .
julio g 's has the best pollo fundido in the city of phoenix !
great restaurant !
amazing food and outstanding service !
they have delicious house margaritas that are like $ _num_ on happy hour .
she is an amazing server .
great personal service !
melissa , will & chris always give great service !
great take out too !
right in the neighborhood , but i keep forgetting about it .
eat .
be happy .
he was extraordinary !
best service ever received from a type of restaurant such as this .
superior service !
yummy mexican food !
great service .
we were taken care of by chris and he did a phenomenal job !
he displayed great integrity and i would not hesitate to call him for anything .
the bagels and coffee are fresh , and the staff is very friendly .
very friendly employees !
very fast service !
very impressed .
very yummy !
so you can have their bagels after all !
this one is much better .
food is good .
enough variety to please everyone .
the staff is friendly and orders are good .
great prices !
thanks for my delicious chi latte !
the sesame seed ones are my favorite .
i 've been going to this location for years and always received great service .
i will continue going here .
it 's right next to the jamba juice .
they are affordable and really quick .
excellent service .
first and foremost , i love their hours of operation .
loyal customer for many years .
pricing is great and i never have any issues .
friendly service and great price .
the price is fair and the service is fast .
honest people .
affordable & they do a great job !
this place has been here forever and does a great job .
_num_ star hours : they 're open from 7am to 7pm during the week .
the prices are great considering the added value of their hours etc .
this is a wonderful dry cleaner .
they immediately owned up to it !
five-star service all the way .
i will tell all my friends and family to use you .
great service with a great price .
if there is something last minute they always have helped me out .
prices are great !
i will continue to use them .
would certainly recommend them .
kim and terri the owners are great !
again , the greatest customer service in dry cleaning !
is just fabulous .
everyone in the place is always nice and make you feel comfortable .
treating yourself to a mani/pedi !
lucky me - i ended up at paradise nails !
i will definitely be back !
definitely a place worth checking out if you live in the neighborhood !
i have definitely found a new nail place .
i had a great experience here and will definitely be back .
i definitely recommend paradise and will be back soon .
nail salons are a dime a dozen .
they do a consistently great job at a low price .
i get my eyebrows done here regularly and what a fantastic job .
friendly , fast and pleasant atmosphere .
i 've been here several times and they always do a good job .
definitely recommend this place .
still a regular .
i can always expect superior service and attention to detail from friendly folks .
i just started to go here and they are great !
they are very detailed and i can always get an appointment !
pedi 's are my favorite !
definitely worth keep coming back .
this is my favorite nail salon in phoenix .
the owner is really nice , too .
this is a very clean salon , which is really important to me .
paradise nails is always my first choice !
love this place !
many places to go but this is definitely my go to place !
they do a great job every time and the employees are so nice !
all my clients go here now as well .
i will continue to frequent this business .
he was so nice and helpful !
we had a great experience and i would shop here again !
their installer was amazing .
thanks again !
this place is so good .
the bar was all regulars and that was cool , everyone knew everyone .
this is the best little restaurant .
our club met at iron works - and it was fabulous !
this place has a cozy atmosphere and very professional staff .
best friday fish fry i have found in the valley !
friendly and attentive wait staff always make it a pleasure .
very good food for what the price is .
nice service , very attentive .
elaine was very nice .
but overall i was happy with the food .
very family like establishment .
the fish was very tasty and cooked to perfection .
the staff was very friendly and efficient .
the food was fresh and delicious .
thanks !
most of the company now brings their car 's here .
these guys are great , very helpful and knowledgeable .
i will be taking my car to john and shane from now on !
because it was important to them to make sure everything was perfect .
good mechanic shop !
trusting one 's mechanic , priceless .
the service is fast and they will work with you on dates .
i really like this place .
unbelievable !
simply the best and most trustworthy auto repair i have ever experienced !
got ta love that !
we have used john and shane quite a bit and they are great .
honest and hard working .
great guys , great service , great prices !
the employees are super friendly and nice .
i 'm definitely a fan .
i got the blackened one burrito and was pleasantly surprised .
what can i say , rubio 's rocks .
the manager and employees are very nice .
i love love love rubios !
the food taste fresh and is always great .
the tacos were creative and fresh .
amazing .
best rubio 's ever !
i recommend to my friends often .
i love rubio 's original fish tacos ... .
for fast food fish tacos , the best !
and the manager was very friendly !
the service is always friendly with a smile and super polite !
the restaurant is always kept clean and the salsa bar stocked .
keep it up you guys rock !
the fish tacos are delicious .
the manager and employees are super friendly .
this location is especially consistent in quality food and service .
love the fish tacos and their selection has really grown !
highly recommend if you like `` mexican grill '' type of food .
great for lunch or a quick , casual dinner .
classic tacos with any of the meat options are a win !
rubio 's has surprised me lately , i 've become a fan !
great burritos , their plates are now like a sit down restaurant .
good .
give it a go !
amazing customer service .
thanks guys for making a possible bad experience an amazing one .
love the food and the cleanest one !
i love this place !
great value and amazing taste for a fast food place .
the people here are very friendly !
the food is delicious .
it 's delicious even without it !
great food , great service , great lunch !
service was great .
she is a true artist making my smile beautiful and natural .
highly recommend .
they are all very friendly and professional .
i highly recommend north valley family dentistry and all of their staff .
the staff at north valley dentistry are beyond friendly and always upbeat !
the office is clean and neat .
she 's the best !
i 'm so grateful we found her !
love everything about this place !
excellent care , excellent staff !
everything is explained in detail so i was able to understand what was happening .
love the pedicures i leave this place with !
fancy nails is a good deal with a great result !
i 've gotten a manicure once which was decent !
all around , a great place to go ; and i have since _num_ .
love this place !
reasonably priced and clean , consistent atmosphere keep me coming back !
great place !
wonderful experience !
i will definately go back !
very friendly service and so inexpensive for pedicures !
my boyfriend and i really enjoyed relaxing here .
fun and friendly staff !
new chairs and nice atmosphere .
$ _num_ for mani/pedi , and they did a good job !
so nice !
this will be my new nail salon .
i 'll definitely be coming back .
very relaxing !
massage chairs are awesome and they even have fun chairs for your little princess !
diana did my manicure and she was excellent .
they took us right away !
extremely helpful , great color selection , and good prices !
definitely coming back here every time i 'm in scottsdale !
they are super professional , always on time and do a great job .
clean is a bonus !
danny is the man ... most professional tech ever ... knows his stuff .
they have pedicure chairs for children that are really cute .
great service !
it 's a beautiful nail spa .
she is meticulous .
it still looks perfect .
i went here for the first time today and i loved it !
i will definitely go back !
they are efficient , meticulous , and consistent to top !
give them a shot , you 'll love them , too .
this place is great !
better than when i 've gone to super fancy expensive places !
they always fit me in , even when i come without an appointment .
i have used most of the techs and the service is consistent .
the owner will make it right if there is a problem .
so glad i found this place in my neighborhood .
it 's big , clean and super cute inside .
they take their time and pay attention to detail .
definitely recommend - it 's my new go to nail salon .
had a pedicure by mai , she did a great job .
i will definitely be back .
everyone was very friendly and tow did my nails !
she did perfect !
she 's amazing !
fast service and friendly people .
this place is very clean and the staff is friendly .
definitely recommend it !
definitely going back soon !
not a good look !
he always does a great job .
beautiful salon - super clean and everyone 's very friendly .
very funny , very sweet !
would recommend !
excellent customer service .
beautiful and clean salon and talented nail techs .
i take my dog and cat to be groomed and i am always satisfied .
andy does a very professional job .
i would recommend them to anyone !
service was great and my dogs looked and smelled amazing !
great atmosphere , free drinks , and kind staff .
they are all so nice and very kind .
i think this place is great , especially since the new owners took over .
good drink ( great margaritas ! )
and very good traditional food .
great place .
thanks guys .
creates a nice date atmosphere .
decent casual atmosphere .
the office is warm and inviting and not to mention friendly .
he is an absolutely superb doctor .
the nurses are nice enough from the interaction ive had with them .
she is like the cool aunt you love to go shopping with !
great office !
i recommend them to anyone who asks !
the current location is very nice & clean .
she is amazing !
the office staff were so nice and efficient .
i was very pleased with the entire experience and i absolutely recommend this practice .
i have been very happy going here .
they have all been very pleasant .
love my doctor and most of the nurses .
she will give you piece on mind and confidence .
great wednesday night specials , of _num_ cent beer and well drinks !
worth checking out !
overall , a fun , safe place to chill and get your dance on .
good mix of hip hop and country .
good drink specials .
awesome spot for groups .
_num_ stars for you whiskey river , you got yourself a new regular !
my favorite bar !
had a great group of girlfriends and just a great time !
great place to get out and let loose !
i have had a blast every time !
had a great time !
the music was a fun mix of everything .
all in all , good times !
we 'll definitely be going back !
, we had a great time .
interesting layout for the music , but it worked .
the gyros are delicious .
the hummus is delicious .
everyone is nice .
also if you are looking for grocery items they have some great ingredients .
good selection of middle eastern sodas , snacks , and other ingredients as well .
i 'm a fan !
highly recommended for all your middle eastern dietary needs .
a fun place to browse .
delightful .
the flavor of the falafel lacked salt but tasted very fresh and wholesome .
come have lunch and buy some fun stuff for your next meal at home .
i ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work .
my co-workers loved it !
really good lentil soup .
great rice .
very tasty and friendly service at the market .
picked up some fresh ground turkish coffee while there .
the food is excellent .
the prices are very reasonable .
the people are pleasant .
we always end up with a few items to take home .
this is overall a gem .
this place is located in a quiet strip mall with plenty of parking .
great little middle eastern deli market !
super nice owner too !
the food is amazing .
the service is great !
i love going there !
great lentil soup !
awesome food !
easily the best authentic middle eastern food in town .
the market is stellar as well .
stopped by for lunch a while back and everything was excellent .
i highly recommend this place to anyone !
great value , amazing food .
she is nothing short of wonderful .
wow , this animal hospital was `` awesome '' .
the dr. was so compassionate and truly cared for our dog _num_ % .
i highly recommend this veterinary clinic .
the pricing seemed very reasonable as well .
dr. allen is the best vet in town !
they gave her immediate attention and saved her life .
most importantly they really seem to care about doing a good job .
great vet with affordable pricing .
when i was a dancer i always came here for everything .
just had a wonderful experience at dee 's .
it was a pleasure to support a local specialty shop .
good enough .
they have good customer service , and i found what i needed .
eventually i got what i needed and they were very friendly .
i appreciate the good attitudes though .
been to this location three times now and the service here has been excellent .
very thorough and pleasant !
the drive through service is really fast .
the staff is very friendly .
it is right on the corner of 40th street and thunderbird .
the dining area is clean and neat .
he 's always friendly and helpful .
the people are super nice , clean cut , and always smiling .
the food has always been top notch ; hot and fresh !
it 's like a home cooked meal from a family member .
great food , especially considering it was a drive thru .
will be coming back !
good job .
great service .
great food .
always fresh .
i 'm a regular customer !
fair price .
thanks john for recommending and thanks ken for running such a great place !
phil was wonderful to work with and ken was great too !
very happy with how they handled this and will use them again .
highly recommend .
these guys are awesome !
thank you again !
i will definitely be back !
i had a great experience with this flower shop .
secondly , the owner was very friendly and accommodating .
flo and her crew did a great job for me .
my clients loved them .
thanks !
the owner , cathy , is super nice and helpful .
thank you cathy !
she is always professional and her prices are unbeatable .
small town feel in the big city .
they also have an amazing tailor that does an outstanding job .
i would definitely recommend them to other people .
their service is quick and efficient .
their service is amazing .
great pedicure in a nice , clean shop .
i would recommend this place to anyone who needs a good acrylic nail place .
i usually just review restaurants , but this place really made an impression .
thank you for your service amber !
i appreciate you !
they are colorful , competent , and entertaining .
i had a wonderful experience last night !
i received a call right in that time frame that it was ready .
honest , friendly , and timely service at very reasonable prices .
keep up the great service !
tony b .
how this establishment has _num_ and half stars is beyond me .
thank you pep boys !
thanks guys .
great service from frank and kevin !
thanks guys , i really appreciate what you 've done !
's and eat good food .
this a great place if you like laid back dive bars .
pool tables , shuffleboard , silver strike bowling .
it 's a lot bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside .
friday nights are always good at brennan 's .
the whole staff rocks !
burgers are huge and juicy and mexican pizza is good too .
pool tables need a lot of work but a good neighborhood bar .
brennan 's is the best !
what an awesome place to come and chill with my dear friends .
not to mention the staff is the best .
i love this bar .
oh yeah and sex trivia on saturday night is so much fun .
apparently this is now one of our local pubs !
great service from the bartender , serving drinks with a smile !
bartender is nice and they have all the bar games .
great neighborhood bar .
my two friends and i stop in here quite regularly for happy hour .
we love coming here for the drinks as well as the food .
thank you wayne !
i always get amazing food , and great service from cinnamon !
she 's the best !
great local place to come !
sports , music , trivia , and great food !
jackie is the best bartender and wo n't leave you waiting forever .
this place is a good , fun minded bar/restaurant .
family friendly , single person comfortable , and all around just clean plain fun .
love this place .
wayne is the type of man who gives respect when it 's given .
thanks again .
i always enjoy there tacos .
so if you go be sure to be patient .
many of the patrons that frequent there know each other very well .
great place to go and have a pint or _num_ .
the location was so tranquil and inviting .
i think an absolutely perfect place for a wedding .
thank you .
amazing venue !
we looked at up to _num_ places and this was easily the winner .
you can tell she enjoys her job .
we got married here yesterday .
it was beautiful and everyone loved the venue .
she is also very friendly , nice , and just a great person .
this place is amazing !
it is a hidden gem .
one of the valley 's best kept secrets .
i got married here in september _num_ and it was amazing .
and the vendors were amazing .
this is a great place to take pictures .
it truly is a hidden garden .
beautiful venue for a wedding !
love this place !
excellent service and reasonable wedding packages .
the coordinator is super helpful and experienced .
the grounds are so beautiful and so many photo ops !
highly recommend checking out this venue when planning your wedding !
the site and setting was absolutely beautiful and perfect .
i heard comments from many employees that it was the best holiday event ever .
working with the gm , jennifer , was the most wonderful experience .
we opted for a package that included catering , dj , and bar services .
the included wedding coordinator , taylor , went above and beyond as well .
fantastic venue for the wedding party and guests alike .
the best mexican food i have had in phoenix !
the food reminded them of there grandma so it had to be delicious .
so simple and delicious with just lime and hot sauce .
hubby got the carne asada fries , and he liked them .
staff was very friendly .
love the food !
but in the end , i 'm only there for the food !
the best mexican food i found for a great price with a fantastic selection .
enjoy !
my rolled tacos were one of the best ones i 've ever had .
it had the perfect flavor and they felt home cooked !
nothing fancy here but priced right and very delish .
definitely would recommend .
the food is good , authentic and very inexpensive .
they make huge breakfast burritos so bring an appetite .
great fast mexican food !
the taquitos that i had were really hot and tasted great .
the burgers are always good .
they make it the way you like it .
this location has been solid for a few years .
it 's not in the best neighborhood but the employees are outstanding .
best onion rings .
staff super friendly .
pretty good , actually .
green chile burger and chicken strips with gravy both tasted good .
very friendly service .
always very clean and the customer service is outstanding !
much better than any other fast food place !
it 's fantastic .
it 's a perfect compliment to a football game that may be a blowout .
and they offer spicy ketchup .
the food was good and the prices a little high .
my favorite fast food breakfast .
jean , thank you for your hard work .
beautiful mass !
best ups around .
sun state is one of the best !
they are a family owned & operated business & they give tremendous service .
top notch company !
these folks are terrific .
they are amazing to work with .
i 'd highly recommend them .
these guys were great !
good service !
very honest and professional !
amazing .
flawless and exceptional !
fantastic !
these guys are great and they are honest !
i was also happy to hear they were a family owned and operated company .
i am so happy i did too .
the team was really professional and fixed the problem quick .
they came right back out the next day and fixed it .
came home today to a crisp _num_ degree home .
very happy with the them .
thank you so much .
yes , the people who run the place are really that nice .
these are the best i 've had in the valley .
i love donuts .
it 's so hard to find a good donut these days .
crispy brown on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside .
reminds me of the donuts of my childhood , so good .
wow was all i could say .
the place is clean and the donuts are very fresh .
a classic american donut shop .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
oh good , i 'm a regular at a donut shop .
love these donuts always fresh and always good .
this place has consistently great donuts and good prices .
this place is in my top _num_ best places to get donuts in phoenix !
these are some quality donuts !
go early to get the best .
this is a great spot for freshly made donuts .
the prices are great and the breakfast sandwiches are good also .
rainbow donuts has the best donuts ( i 've had thus far ) .
however , quality counts here !
these are the best donuts in north phoenix by far !
good prices .
fresh donuts !
generous , fresh and well balanced donuts !
love this place .
this is our favorite donut store !
sooooo good !
the service was fast and efficient !
out donuts were very fresh !
excellent doughnuts .
they are baked fresh every morning and the staff is very helpful and friendly .
i have been in the drive thru and walked inside .
fast , friendly service and clean establishment .
i highly recommend this business .
good donuts .
great selection .
workers are always cheery .
my kids love this place .
this place is awesome .
delicious light donuts melts in your mouth .
they gave me a warm foot long twist to welcome me .
worth the journey !
perfect , homemade , local donut shop .
highly recommended !
great doughnuts !
they are always so nice !
the maple long johns are great and the croissants are hand made and amazing !
i could eat a dozen all by myself .
rainbow is better .
absolute perfection ; i 'm in love .
donuts are always a simple treat to put smiles on faces .
rainbow donuts is the perfect place to stop in to dig in .
if you get there early , the selection is amazing .
they are definitely worth it .
they have so many choices here that you can find one you will love .
thai iced tea was really good also .
i love rainbow donuts !
this place is stellar .
this place makes my favorite maple bar in the valley .
also , the apple fritter is huge !
i like their coffee and the service is friendly .
if you 're looking for a delicious donut , i highly recommend this place .
make sure you go into the store early .
first off they are open super early !
bonus points there .
and then they were fantastic .
thank you for the great service and wonderful breakfast !
best donuts !
the donuts are nice and fluffy ; not too sweet .
the donuts are fresh , big , light , and delicious !
the maple bar is huge and the flavor is perfect .
best donuts ever .
huge donuts .
try the cinnamon twist , amazing .
they also have a drive through .
best donuts ever !
it is to die for !
they are light and delicious .
and the staff is so friendly .
and nice people running the place , too .
i love the variety of donuts that they have .
the donuts were delicious and fresh .
i 've been to two locations and both are fantastic !
atomic is the best place in town for all your comic needs .
this place rocks !
happy day , happy kids .
expect really good really reliable old school mexican food .
great place to go after whiskey river .
i love this place .
everything i have ever had here is yummy !
plus the $ _num_ for _num_ tacos is great !
yum and yum !
always friendly and good grub .
we have always been treated well and the food is always hot and fresh !
the tortas are also outta this world !
every single employee is super friendly to me and the food is great .
good old fashioned authentic mexican food .
i always feel full from one burrito .
wow !
this place is a hidden gem .
everything was served fresh and hot .
has a home made feel to it .
great mexican fast food .
best kept secret in north phoenix .
i love the breakfast burritos with sausage and the carne asada is awesome !
the breakfast burritos are always delicious , will keep coming back here for sure .
did a great job at my home .
i would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a good house cleaning .
we will definitely be using them again !
everyone from this company is extremely professional & we always receive top-notch service .
they made it a really great and easy experience .
great staff , great service .
the nurses were amazing !
so attentive and kind .
i would definitely recommend them .
never have i been to such a great hospital !
clean , friendly , and small wait time .
i highly recommend this hospital to anyone .
i would highly recommend this hospital from my experience .
everything is going well .
thought that was cool .
they were the best at getting me in there quickly .
thank you so much for being so wonderful !
the staff was kind and sympathetic .
by far the best experience i have ever had at a hospital !
excellent doctors , nurses and staff .
highly recommended !
this is my doctor and he is the best .
he is involved and truly cares .
i heard dr. bueno was great ; he is !
both were delicious .
the lady behind the counter was the best .
prices on everything run from average to some really great discounts .
i will definitely be visiting again .
very quick and helpful .
the gal who usually makes my smoothies is kind and knows her stuff !
i was impressed and will definitely be back .
`` pb and j in a cup .
actually really good stuff for guys trying to add some weight .
really clean and has a cool bar top too .
he takes the time to actually talk to you about what 's going on .
he is an amazing doctor .
he takes his time explaining everything and makes sure all my questions are answered .
highly , highly recommend him .
when i picked her up she looked perfect !
beyond impressed , will be going back and asking for robin !
overall , a quick place to get chinese food served fresh and hot .
every single employee always smiles and is very friendly .
the food is always fresh .
this is my favorite panda and it is close to where i work .
panda is consistently good and fresh , that 's why they are always busy !
my new favorite is the honey walnut shrimp .
sales are great .
staff always available to help & assist .
my friend brought me here and i let her order .
one of the best meals i 've had in a long time .
it was indeed fresh !
i got the shrimp and octopus mix .
also got an order of guacamole which was very good too !
it is all fresh .
but the food is definitely a _num_ .
the food here is great .
i love mexican seafood and this place does it great .
we were both pleasantly surprised at how good everything was .
probably the best carne asada i have had in quite a while .
overall , worth a trip .
_num_ stars until i eat more there !
this place is legit as it gets !
luv the personal service and the food is amazing .
the guy who helped was real good at finding what we needed .
i 'm happy , my stuff looks great !
i will definitely go back !
great job keeping me clean !
always on time and friendly when i drop my stuff off !
keep up the good work !
these folks are the best !
impeccable execution and service .
i 'm very happy and pleased with them .
these guys are the best !
high quality shoe repair , at great prices .
i was so pleasantly surprised at how amazing the repair looked .
i highly recommend !
very friendly , professional service .
awesome person !
and george is probably the best receptionist ive ever come across .
has really helped me with my ms using acupuncture .
i highly recommend this practice as they are friendly , professional and accommodating .
and they will help you find it if you ca n't .
always friendly and like i said the customer service is worth the trip !
winning !
thanks from us .
this ace hardware has it all .
simple in , items at great prices , no overload on selections .
this is a great store full of helpful people .
i recommend this location as everyone i encountered asked me if i needed help .
great experience .
great service friendly people alway there to help .
lots of household items to choose from .
thats customer service .
love this store .
my kids love it too .
he is super helpful and knowledgable !
ace is the place !
well , this location is , anyway .
friendly staff .
very helpful .
there is definitely a difference between the different ace stores .
super friendly and attentive to the small things .
great service and super fast !
great place .
highly recommend .
very reasonable prices .
do n't waste your time at seedy repair stores - this location is fantastic .
quick and knowledgeable service .
quicker service and a better price than we could have gotten in seattle .
strongly recommend !
he has always helped me out and i never felt pressure to purchase .
i always go back because of the wonderful service .
anthem based on awesome reviews and it was well worth it !
highly recommend this place !
they 're truly skilled .
reasonable cost and friendly service - i would n't use anywhere else .
all american saved me a great deal of money !
i will be back !
absolutely thrilled with the results !
super pleased !
they are the best !
went here because of the positive yelp reviews .
this place is great .
i highly recommend this establishment .
they fixed the frame beautifully and he wore those for almost another full year .
this time frame broke right along the lens edge .
fixed so quickly and for such a great price ... saved us again .
thank you !
will definitely use them in the future !
so glad i found this place .
customer service a a plus !
customer for life here ... thank you .
highly recommend them .
lots of tvs with sporting events and great people .
drinks are potent and service is the best .
the regulars are as nice as they come and they are definitely loyal .
great place to drink and socialize .
bartenders are just as nice !
very neighborhood bar .
welcome to paradise !
this is the best little bar i 've found in phoenix .
always a good time , and also an excellent place to watch sports .
i liked it .
this is a great place just to hang out and enjoy great company .
everyone here makes you feel right at home ... patrons and workers .
it 's also great that this place is so close to home .
i love small neighborhood bars .
i felt right at home .
a fun time was had by all .
i 'll definately be back !
what a great little neighborhood bar !
what a great idea !
patio is very cozy and comfortable .
my girl laura always takes care of me .
this place is super fun .
my favorite neighborhood dive bar !
this is what a neighborhood dive bar should be !
everyone is always so friendly !
love it !
see you this weekend !
very nice and clean !
is defiantly recommend it .
they also have really nice drink specials everyday !
this is the best neighborhood bar to cap your night off at .
the regulars here definitely make everyone feel welcome .
a great bar - super friendly - plus live music .
it a nice bar , good prices !
would recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar !
great little local place .
always enjoy coming here .
i absolutely love this place .
i would totally recommend this place !
this place is a hidden gem .
awesome local bar .
also the owner and staff are really great as well .
best bar in north phx .
it 's hidden away in a strip mall but the interior is classic .
paradise lounge is absolutely amazing !
sweet ladies .
good attitudes .
new owners are amazing !
amazing service .
very clean and relaxing .
cindy does amazing nail art .
i would recommend him to anyone .
very clean and the people were super nice and very happy to greet me .
great representation of the brand .
the employees are friendly , and generally leave you alone .
if you need help , however , they are genuinely helpful .
it 's clean and well organized .
i can count on getting something that will be a hit .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
great job on the remodel !
i 've always had friendly service with employees .
you should do what i do and steal your wife 's coupons around holidays .
she was very nice .
i was thrilled !
love the salon !
i will definitely be back .
thanks so much for making me smile !
great customer service .
very nice customer service .
food was really fresh and tasty .
oops i had put this under wrong shogun .
consistently yummy for years .
wow !
this is a great restaurant for sushi .
the staff was nice and the food was great .
there 's a pretty lively atmosphere .
the hamachi and salmon were amazing !
nice job !
consistently good sushi , and great happy hour specials .
very chill restaurant with reasonable prices .
i 'm a fan .
the atmosphere is a little cold , but the staff makes you feel welcome .
is cold ) but it 's consistent and flavorful .
have a wonderful evening . ''
too much fun !
the service is always very friendly and the food does not disappoint .
best time to go : happy hour .
excellent lunch .
great sushi and the service has been excellent !
this is my favorite sushi in the valley !
the portions are large , the quality is excellent .
i love all the chef 's , but alex is our favorite !
shogun rocks !
my wife and i love this place .
great sushi , and nice presentation .
the patio outback is nice and romantic too .
it is the best roll we have ever had , or ever found anywhere .
the place is just solid .
good price , good service and a lot of fun .
shogun is one of my favorite spots to grab a few rolls .
i have been stopping by for years and it is consistently good .
the turkey salad was wonderful .
the california rolls with soy paper were melt in your mouth wonderful .
will be back for sure for the same order !
one of my favorite spots to grab dinner !
the happy hour menu is awesome .
my roommate loves their steak appetizer .
and i am a huge fan of their sushi .
the bar staff is very friendly and efficient .
great place !
throw in some sake bombers and a good time was had by all .
i love this place after years and years of going .
service is quick and efficient .
atmosphere is nice too .
the sushi is always good and i love the shogun chicken .
the food is great and the staff is excellent as well .
highly recommended .
service is decent hence the _num_ stars .
otherwise , visit and enjoy especially for the sushi lovers .
hands down best sushi bar in the valley .
the service is always amazing plus its a great spot for happy hour too !
shogun has the best sushi in town .
also the tempura is fantastic !
it 's sooo good !
great prices on select rolls and drinks .
the staff is always very attentive and friendly .
this is our absolute favorite neighborhood sushi restaurant .
their rolls are fantastic , always tasty and just the right size as well .
perfect rolls every time .
great happy hour .
delicious food , great atmosphere , and an overall good time .
great time and we will definitely be back !
this is my favorite sushi restaurant .
always go here when i 'm in town .
service is great too !
love love him and his famous big johnson roll .
all good .
my most favorite sushi restraunt ever !
all good .
the best in phoenix !
favorite restaurant of all times .
we are a family of _num_ and we all have our favorites .
great sushi the best i have ever had .
everything we ordered was perfect and the service was impeccable .
will definitely be back soon .
i enjoyed my recent visit to shogun .
ordered a variety of sushi , enjoyed it all .
highly recommend the spicy yellowtail roll - yum !
always good food and the lunch specials are cheap .
the shogun chicken is really good .
love this place for a consistent , great menu .
a bit pricey , but a nice splurge now and then .
my most favorite sushi place in town !
fresh tea .
this is one of our favorite places to go !
the food is amazing and so is the service .
in addition , the management is great .
we loved having ricardo cook our food ... so funny and entertaining .
we highly recommend it .
my neighbors said that the sushi is amazing .
i 've tried their lunch specials , dinner & happy hour .
it 's affordable and their service is always prompt .
the menu has something for everyone !
they have a beautiful patio with a fireplace also .
i highly recommend giving shogun a try , you will see what i mean .
delicious food !
both were amazing .
i love this place because they have a very full menu .
delicious .
seriously awesome food .
they have a great variety of sushi , very fresh and affordable .
this place rocks !
it is literally one of the best sushi places in the valley .
he makes us our own sushi rolls .
this is a amazing sushi place and refer it to everyone .
great place for late happy hour drinks and food 5-7 pm .
i do n't eat sushi but i enjoy the other items on the menu .
the service was decent .
my fianc and i love this place .
our favorite was the big johnson .
we lucked up and it was happy hour .
alex was a phenomenal chef .
will most likely go back !
i think it is pretty darn good .
love the tempura and love the sushi !
i definitely got my money 's worth and a very yummy sandwich .
i loved it and had more than enough to take home with me .
however , once she finally got her food she said it was delicious !
it was amazing !
such a great value !
also the complimentary green tea with my entree was so good !
really good sushi and happy hour .
servings are big , so keep this in mind .
their japanese beer and sake are also delicious .
glad to see the service is improving .
will be coming back !
it 's so easy to overlook the options on the second floor of sears .
awesome staff !
my whole family will be coming here .
everyone was very nice , welcoming and helpful .
service was outstanding .
service today he was friendly crisp and efficient .
i had biscuits gravy bacon and eggs ; it was a great breakfast .
great lunch at coco 's today .
everything we ordered was delicious and service was very good .
iceberg lettuce wedge was very good as well as blt .
my mom loves coco 's .
i 've got to admit they have a great selection and very tasty !
so good !
the food is good , especially their egg rolls .
the prices are reasonable , and the owners are very friendly .
i challenge you to find a better eggroll ( amazing and huge ! )
their chow mein and egg drop soup are the best i have ever had .
very friendly atmosphere .
nothing stands out about this place , but the food is pretty damn good .
i love this place .
good food and good people .
great food as always !
great service as well .
huge portions & great prices !
always good and consistent with the freshness and quality .
best place for chinese in town .
consistently good food .
solid .
the food is excellent and the service is first class .
if you like chinese food this is the best place in the valley .
best food i have had in a long time .
lovely atmosphere great food super service highly recommend this wonderful restaurant .
this place is awesome .
the food is constantly good and the staff is always friendly .
best egg rolls in town by far !
great service and a nice ambience .
the veg spring rolls were fresh and perfectly cooked .
i would recommend this place for their service and reasonable price .
food is always extremely fresh .
fast service , and always on top of things .
was introduced to this spot from my aunt .
delicious .
the food is very good .
they are also very clean .
the reviews are correct ; this is the best chinese food in the valley !
the service was excellent and efficient .
the tables and restaurant were all very clean .
consistently amazing chinese food with every visit .
their food is fresh and cooked to perfection every time .
great place to dine in or order to-go .
they also have fair pricing .
always good food here .
best chinese good ever .
we love the owners and the food .
great customer service and food .
service has been prompt and friendly .
grace the salesperson was helpful and ready , willing and able to help .
i am a big fan of dillard 's and its great sale .
good all days .
you can find amazing shoes at a bargain .
the dress section is also really nice .
i found a few great dresses for party season .
nice store , great sales , friendly service people .
the shoe department here , as previous reviewers have mentioned , is pretty awesome .
now i have the brands that i love all in one department store !
seriously , some of the best sales i have ever experienced in my life .
super happy with the selection , sale , help and display .
i highly recommend this location .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
i had a particularly good experience while xmas shopping here last week .
she spent several minutes helping me select the perfect gift .
again , great experience .
great clean store with top name brands .
much thanks to the great customer service here .
best chinese delivery in the area .
it is some of the most delicious chinese food i 've ever had .
chinese food fast , delicious.
food is reasonably priced and good must have cleaned up their act .
the food taste great and so is the price .
their delivery service is fast .
i highly recommend this place .
ordered for delivery today , so good !
huge portions and so yummy !
my delivery man was super nice too .
vegetable fried rice was huge and was packed full of great vegetables .
rapid fast delivery and always hot and fresh .
i highly recommend them .
great food and very friendly service .
boy , were we pleasantly surprised !
everything was delicious !
great place to study .
the barista 's are very nice !
great setting , quite atmosphere .
what a nice experience !
he was wonderful .
very friendly , easy to talk to , and addressed all my questions .
doctors with great bedside manner are hard to find .
based on my experience , i highly recommend this place .
extremely nice staff .
they also have free wi-fi , which was a nice perk .
i would recommend this office .
you will see a noticeable change in your skin within a week !
this car wash is amazing .
they are reasonable and do a wonderful job .
i would recommend this to everyone .
the service was the most friendly i 've ever experienced at a bowling alley .
brought our food to us from the snack bar and everything !
it was a lot of fun .
the party ran very smoothly , and i did n't have to so anything .
it was a very fun and economical way to celebrate .
wonderful day .
great bowling experience !
the lanes are what i come for and they seem extremely decent .
definitely will come back again .
the staff has always been super friendly and helpful .
christina and nick are especially nice !
i love coming here with my family !
nice little place .
if you 're going to bowl , this is a good choice .
great experience !
this otherwise long _num_ hour ride was fun and entertaining .
he had a supply of water he kept encouraging us to drink .
thanks tim and southwest for providing us with a great experience .
this tour was amazing !
it takes all the hassle out of going to the grand canyon .
our guide , scott , was extremely friendly and full of knowledge !
you can tell that he is passionate about his state !
a friend and i took the tour to sedona and grand canyon .
we were very pleased with the tour provided .
the tour guide , howard , was very professional , knowledgeable and personable .
he went out of his way to make the day pleasant and enjoyable .
i highly recommend these tours .
wow i 'm super impressed with this laundromat .
a+ staff !
so glad i found this gem on cave creek .
family owned and chris , the office manager is awesome !
honest mechanic shop with great labor rates .
i had the best experience .
these guys are top notch .
i came here and bill brought it right in .
bill and his crew took care of it at a decent price .
truck is running fantastic .
thanks bill !
great rates on rentals and very helpful staff !
very reasonable and dependable !
i highly recommend them .
the prices are good and it is convenient stop .
this is absolutely my favorite safeway store in the entire valley .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
fast , friendly , and convenient .
overall , always a good experience .
the staff at this safeway is tremendous !
lots of fresh produce .
friendly staff .
great service with great people who really seem genuine .
have not had a problem with the car since .
a class act , all the way .
very pleased with my visit to kelly clark on bell .
courteous personnel , and solid service experience .
they stand behind their work !
i highly recommend kelly clark automotive specialists .
these guys are as good as it gets !
simply the best staff and service by far !
thank god they did .
thanks benny !
extremely friendly & knowledgeable service people , very trustworthy and thorough .
we found the staff to be friendly and a gold mine of information .
this place is great .
i love the owners - already ready with a smile .
actually , all the food is great .
the best hot and sour soup this side of town .
best of the best thank you for everything you do for our fur kids .
amazing care , amazing staff !
the doctor was really nice and the assistants as well .
got my teeth cleaned today and x-rays .
everyone was great !
i would defiantly recommend this place !
he has always been professional , friendly , caring , personable .
linda has always been friendly and helpful .
i would and have recommend dr .
highly recommended from my family to yours .
great job and thank you to this office !
the teacher was really nice and great with little ones .
and it 's so great to see their progress !
super knowledgeable and friendly staff will make you feel at home .
the kids all love going there and they love the instructors .
it 's a fun and safe environment !
this place is great !
thank you !
a great place for kids of all ages to learn to swim .
i love this place !
warm , friendly and helpful staff help find the right class for your child .
their use of songs in the lesson is clever and helped keep toddlers focused .
you can feel the warmth and dedication on every visit .
our kids love it and are excited to come to every lesson .
what a great place !
the instructors are so great .
this is definitely a five star operation !
the place is clean and has a great snack bar and play area besides .
everyone was super nice and helpful .
excited to go back next week !
i booked the entire month and they are very flexible with their schedule here .
awesome .
we had a great experience .
my kids loved it here .
our instructor is katie and we love her !
i 'm so entirely impressed with this school .
the staff and office is so helpful and friendly .
the instructors have all be great and perfectly gracious on my son .
we love swimming and playing here !
the play area is a bonus !
everyone here is friendly , attentive and helpful .
but she is learning so much more .
worth every penny .
i recommend this great swim school .
my son loves this place he has really liked all of his instructors .
great place - clean and wonderful instructors .
best decision ever .
i highly recommend them .
very friendly staff from the front desk to the instructors .
i had a great experience with management as well after a schedule mix up .
they were made to order and they were good !
they were so fresh too !
always great prices , always fresh product .
everything they offer here is top notch and delicious .
i love shopping at sprouts !
the staff is always so friendly !
the prices are always great !
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
so good !
the toppings are very fresh though !
very nice location with really nice employees and very good , fresh produce .
i love shopping here !
for the most part , the produce is wonderful and fresh .
oh , and the bulk section is amazing !
most people do n't enjoy grocery shopping , but i enjoyed shopping here .
the produce at sprouts is fantastic .
friendly and helpful staff .
i am very excited i live up the street from this place .
what i look for are fresh veggies and fresh meat which this place has .
highly recommend the rotisserie chicken by the way !
probably the best one i have every had .
it always offers fresh produce and great service !
sprouts also has a meat counter with seafood and a lovely bulk selection .
i really like the produce and meat at this store .
all the team members are very friendly and helpful .
they have a pretty good selection , and the prices are great .
great place to get fresh stuff .
i also love the selection of supplements .
i recommend sprouts to my patients for their vitamins .
they always have some beers on so pretty good prices too .
i also love the selection of fish and sausages in the cold case .
the people there are so nice and always helpful .
simple : fresh , organic fruits and veggies at a fair price .
so much love for sprouts .
i just visited sprouts for the first time yesterday and i loved it !
beautiful store , i will be back !
this place is crazy busy this morning when i visited .
their cashiers are friendly and knowledgeable and can answer your questions right away .
the customers , the employees , everyone .
this is the place !
sprouts always hands down has the best and freshest selection in town .
love this sprouts !
it is always clean and the employees are always very helpful .
above all , they have great prices and awesome sales !
great store .
absolutely love sprouts !
especially when i have gift cards to use there .
their deli section looks and smells fantastic !
overall , a great place and their sale prices are awesome .
the produce is always priced low , but the quality is still high .
currently , the gal who works this counter is very good .
awesome employees .
also , there is a really cute boy with glasses who works there .
love this store .
it 's always clean and easy to navigate .
prices are good .
staff are awesome and their produce quality is excellent .
some of the top items are their fish and meat .
thanks for providing your customers with an extra option .
good odds , but i have n't purchased since .
the cashiers are always quick and friendly .
the customer service is great and they 're very helpful .
very friendly and helpful .
produce is in good condition .
love this place .
she 's amazing with our boy and very down to earth .
the staff here are always friendly and helpful .
really like this place !
we 've recently worked with jennifer valentine and she was amazing !
i love it !
the doctors are really competent , personable , and caring .
i highly recommend them !
they have a great way with kids !
good response from office staff as well as the doctor .
they have the best selection , best prices and best service .
i wish that all retail could be this great and this cool .
behind the mask is the best hockey store in arizona hands down .
she treats you like family .
definately liked it !
cool dive bar .
friendly bartender that remembered me and my drink from years ago at another bar .
this is my favorite hole in the wall neighborhood bar .
local neighborhood bar , easily accessible from the _num_ .
i love the karaoke and the crowd .
i 've been here a few times and each time was fun .
good neighborhood bar where you can drink cold beer and meet new people .
best dive bar in the neighborhood .
it 's a dive bar , take it for what it is .
the pizza is delicious and the subs are equally divine !
we love their standard pizza with extra ingredients .
the salads are great especially the cobb salad .
the calzones are very good also .
great service and pizza .
this is a tiny restaurant , so small the bathrooms are outside .
our pizza and wings came out fast and were very tasty .
we absolutely love this streets location .
we have always had great food and great service .
it beats the heck out of the `` big name '' delivery pizza places .
the pasta and subs are also quite good .
she was definitely a bright spot on a long day .
i will definitely be back the next time i 'm in this area !
amazing !
the meatballs were just the right size & so full of flavor .
even their fries were delicious !
so , i will definitely be back for more delicious surprises !
i ended up being very pleasantly surprised .
great service all-around .
and jean really helped out with her gift .
thank you .
wonderful fix my shoes shop !
thank you !
i would recommend people to come see him for sure .
he is quiet and obviously enjoys providing good dental care .
all in all , an absolutely positive experience !
i never had even a good experience at the dentist until now .
salesman was very helpful and installer professional .
got the screens up quickly and neatly .
pleased with their services .
love these guys , fast , proficient , picky about fit .
i love my az sun screens !
the new screen door is looking good too .
good company .
they provide good customer service .
i highly recommend this business .
enjoying our new sun screens !
great price , quality and customer service !
very easy to work with , excellent prices , and fast turnaround .
she has a real talent .
best in town !
great service and fast turn around .
always willing to work with you on anything .
best in the business !
love it .
fun to work with .
highly recommend .
in fact their sesame chicken is probably the best in the valley .
the best fries in town !
it 's cleaner and nicer although the decor is pretty much the same .
great food been coming for a few years .
and the price is just right !
great food at a great price .
it 's more like a delicious crust on it.
their food is delicious .
it 's also super affordable and the waitresses are always super nice .
i highly recommend to take your family here .
very family friendly atmosphere with good food ; good value for the money .
excellent asset to the neighborhood .
buffet is super cheap , service is great .
it is family friendly , affordable and decent for its state .
another hole-in-the-wall good chinese buffet restaurant .
soup and crab puffs are good too .
very clean and well lit .
friendly staff .
they have the best crab puffs ever !
they have these thick french fries that are the best i have ever had !
good price , good food , great service !
honestly really good !
small selection of items , but hot , fresh and tasty !
this place is awesome .
and now my vacuum runs like the first day i bought it !
i like this place !
all in all , i would recommend this place .
customer service is alive and well at this business !
thank you , larry .
if you want to be treated fairly , this is the place for you .
straight forward and honest .
i love dealing with them .
go in and see the owner , larry , you will love it too .
the owner personally helped us when we came in and he was awesome .
he price matches any store or internet price you find .
we were very happy with our experience at this store .
he has definitely found a new , loyal customer .
his knowledge really shines through .
he truly knows best !
larry was very informative and direct about his recommendations .
it was a breeze !
the best service every time !
to return as they do great work .
they are very professional every time .
i enjoy some new york humor , anyway .
this place is great !
staff was super nice !
very knowledge and friendly staff .
best price in town .
the biggest thing that surprised me about this place were the prices .
this place does incredible work .
amazing !
i highly recommend this place !
who knew it could work so well !
great job !
larry is the best .
do yourself a favor and check this place out .
excellent service , excellent people .
i 've always had great service since then , never had a single issue .
overall , a great experience .
the customer lobby area is clean and comfortable .
the customer service is always warm and inviting .
great waiting area too !
clean facility !
this place is awesome .
great people .
i feel confident and safe in all my vehicles .
their staff is knowledgable , honest and upfront .
i will take all my vehicles there from now on !
these guys are as honest and trustworthy as they come .
great experience so far in over _num_ different visits .
neil & his staff are knowledgeable & most helpful .
great affordable service !
these guys are honest and are very affordable !
would recommend to anyone !
very professional and insightful .
nothing more to say ... excellent service in every way .
delivery of the machine was timely , the next day !
great place to get sports equipment at a decent price .
plus , i got great service .
clean and well organized .
lots of stuff has been added since back in the day .
i 've been to this store only a few times and have great service .
the man who owns this store is very honest .
great honest service .
the owner is fantastic about answering my questions on pool maintenance .
the pool accessories they stock are good quality .
i love dragon palace .
the staff is always very friendly and helpful .
dinner is great too ... portions are large and perfect for sharing .
i would definetly recommend this place .
this is by far my favorite chinese restaurant in the valley .
this is one of the best that we 've found so far .
house special chicken is a must .
i give it _num_ stars because of the huge selection .
i ordered a appetizer platter , twice cooked pork and pork fried rice .
dragon palace provides quick , thorough , and friendly service .
definitely recommended !
would highly recommend eating here .
dragon palace is fantastic .
the staff is friendly and the food is excellent .
the potstickers are to die for and the chili dipping sauce is amazing !
it is divine .
love this place !
the staff is so friendly and the food is fantastic !
the best chinese in town hands down .
egg rolls are tasty as is the egg drop soup .
fantastic .
this place made me pretty dang happy .
amazing food !
wow we will be back again !
everything we had was awesome !
we also got egg rolls !
slightly greasy overall , but very delicious , particularly the vegetable dishes .
i love this place !
overall , their food is great and the lunch specials are a real bargain .
the peking fried rice and mongolian beef are amazing .
definitely the best chinese food on this side of town .
staff is friendly and helpful .
this place is just fantastic .
the food portions are huge and just fresh as can be .
love this place !
good food !
love it !
definately worth the drive !
new favorite chinese restaurant !
a hidden gem .
happy family and fried dumplings are main stays for us .
everything is great so try it all .
sizzling rice soup is a must .
also the owners are very nice and friendly .
our favorite chinese restaurant !
perfect comfort food .
great friendly service too !
slightly pricier than other chinese restaurants but well worth the quality .
really good chinese .
the owners are very nice .
the food is consistent and typically good .
the egg drop is the best !
loved the meat dumplings !
i usually do n't like dumplings but theirs were great !
they were so good .
this is a very good hidden little gem .
when i said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order .
that right there is just fantastic business .
all of them are piping hot , fresh , and delicious .
i loved it then and i still love it now .
they have a great lunch menu and very generous portions .
their dinners are served family style .
this is a hidden gem .
the staff is very friendly and courteous .
the food is delicious !
really good chinese .
it is my favorite chinese food ever .
excellent food and great service .
this definitely just became one of my favorite places to go .
this is our favorite chinese restaurant .
the food is delicious and the price is right .
they are fast and always quite friendly .
this is one of our favorite chinese restaurants in town .
the sizzling rice soup is the best i 've had .
incredible .
wow !
great food and attentive servers !
everything we ordered was tasty and fresh !
great service , great food ... especially the lunch specials !
amazing szechuan chicken , great fried rice and wonderful soup !
great place for chinese food !
prices are fair and always has great service .
it could use a bit of updating but the food is always good .
delivery service would be awesome !
it was a nice place to eat in , as they were rarely busy .
we also loved getting takeout here and eating it throughout the week .
always .
it 's so good and really quick .
love this place .
i visit this restaurant regularly and it 's a family favorite .
the food is consistently good and the service is great .
the meals are large and we always take a box or two home .
lunch prices are a great deal too .
nice staff - we love this place !
we had a lovely dinner last night !
great portions , fabulous food , and kind service .
a very pleasant experience .
the dragon palace does a great job with most of my favorite dishes !
service is quick and accurate .
i will absolutely be back .
it 's great food .
all the classic dishes , clean and delicious .
service was great , and our takeout order was ready in no time .
it was amazing .
they definitely redeemed themselves from the last visit .
excellent food .
everything was great .
came out fast , hot and fresh .
this location always has very friendly and helpful staff .
my order is always correct , fresh , and delicious .
they love what they do and the creatures they serve .
best of all he does n't charge ridiculous fees .
he will give you advice all day long if you want it .
he just really loves dogs & takes good care of them .
this place is awesome !
maggie is the best bar tender ever !
good happy hour prices and it 's on the way home .
love this bar .
great drinks and great bartenders .
nick is pretty awesome , too .
i just love the friendliness of everyone , especially the staff .
they are always so happy to see me .
i highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar to attend regularly .
the greatest dive bar of all time .
pool table and a bar ... that 's it .
the bar staff is interesting to say the least .
my wife and i love this place .
cheers maggie !
maggie is the best .
she 's got a great memory and handles the sometimes rowdy regulars with ease .
great neighborhood dive bar , miss living closer to it .
what a fun amazing hole in the wall !
maggie is amazing !
she 's fun and vibrant .
exactly what i want after a long day at work !
it such a fun corner bar with a everybody knows your name feel .
the best and sweetest bartender is maggie !
two thumbs up !
definitely worth the trip !
donuts were great.
the brownie batter was soo good .
thank you both for making my visit an awesome one !
it 's been a local music establishment forever !
i love joe 's !
he always has awesome bands playing .
the bartenders are generous with the alcohol .
i love it .
i love joe 's grotto .
a great time all around .
joe is super nice , and the atmosphere is very laid back .
my husband and i actually met here ... and we 're still together !
good people , good music , good drinks .
good times !
either way , fantastic .
love joe 's grotto !
great live music and fun bar scene .
fun little patio area outside .
darts , pool , great drink specials and awesome music .
joe is there most nights and great fun !
and i was pleasantly surprised .
best place in the area for live music and reasonably priced drinks .
i love it !
i highly recommend going to joes .
it is a great place to make your usual hang out !
one of the bartenders , jimmy , was really cool .
made me and my guest feel very welcome .
promise !
just loved the feel and vibe of the place .
the best live music venue in the area .
excellent drink selection , and awesome crowds .
great to see this place in the neighborhood .
great bartender and owner .
great small venue .
love this place !
live music is the best music !
love !
as a musician who has played here , fantastic .
sound i great lights are great the stage is amazing .
the employees are truly skilled at what they do .
joe 's rocks !
joes actually surprised me .
you better keep that one joe !
cool place , i only wished i lived a bit closer .
great venue , great bands , awesome talent .
drinks are good and bar keeps cool .
cool atmosphere and friendly staff , what more could you ask for ?
i really like it .
they look really good .
the salad was great and plenty .
the pizza was fresh and delicious .
we will definitely go there again .
great neighborhood restaurant .
great pizza !
always a lot of people , but i 've never waited for a table .
excellent service .
a great pizza place in the north phoenix !
their wings are so amazing i dream about them .
the pizza is equally delicious !
it was a mixed neighborhood crowd and the people were all friendly .
i 'm definitely going to be back soon !
their thin crust is pretty good .
it has a very relaxed atmosphere .
my niece and the children at the other table approved .
great neighborhood pizza place .
they have amazing baked wings .
good pizza with fresh ingredients .
service is good .
great pizza , solid baked wings , and a nice selection of draft beer .
nice , friendly staff and a lot of regulars at the bar .
this is a fantastic place for the family to get great pizza .
they are extremely friendly and attentive here .
it was hot , fresh , and delicious .
what a treat !
if i 'm ever in the neighborhood again i will definitely come back .
so good and so addicting !
damn , that 's some good $ # * % !
pizza still rocks and service was fast and friendly !
it 's my favorite local pizza and the servers are like family .
we enjoy the live music too .
live music the night we visited , had great pie and cold beer !
steve , is always totally friendly .
solid craft beer selection with _num_ or so taps .
this is my favorite neighborhood pizza joint .
the staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome .
plenty of good beer , good pub food and good company .
great place on a friday night for live music .
friendly , accommodating , and the pizza and wings are always good .
it is one of my go to places for a casual dinner out .
this was a great local hangout .
delicious thin crust pizza ( we had the big johnson ) and inexpensive beer .
tonight they had a fantastic guitar duo .
the meat lovers pizza is awesome !
same great service , pizza and wings are still awesome .
we still felt at home , like we always did .
highly recommend .
_num_ beers in tap , specialty bombers and great pizza .
also , they have live music and sports .
pizza is good and you ca n't beat the beer selection .
theirs wings have a good sauce also .
super friendly .
this is the place for a good pie !
great pizza !
the owners and staff are super friendly .
not bad , not the best .
we love this place and always order the same thing .
the food is consistently good and the service is great .
we are definitely repeat customers .
we always come here !
their ranch dressing is delicious .
their wings are really good as well !
it 's a good laid back family place .
these guys will take care of you .
just a fantastic job of turning a mildly annoying mistake into a positive experience .
oh yeah , real good pizza .
not the best in town , but it is good .
thanks guys !
awesome pizza has the pan deluxe it was amazing will def be coming back !
well sort of .
live music on occasion as well for your pleasure .
a great local place !
this time got a great white with mushrooms .
i just have to say , i 'm hooked .
this place has a completely unique taste and i love it .
strongly recommend the great white .
great place to relax and enjoy .
pizza , salad and wings are always great .
thanks you guys !
great food , consistent , good service and so clean !
will def be back !
staff was nice & delivery was timely .
great pizza and sandwiches .
yep ... pizza time !
i 'm a dip is the best french dip ever !
the pizza is pretty incredible .
ordered the great white pizza with ranch , and it was great .
good selection of beer on tap .
our waitress was outstanding !
big johnson special pizza is my go-to every single time .
great service !
the wings are fantastic .
you can tell these people take pride in everything .
great casual place for a beer and some delicious deep dish pizza .
portions are huge , but so so worth it .
love this place .
best baked wings !
their pizzas are unique and delicious .
my boyfriend has to stay away from gluten and he loves their gluten-free crust .
great little place to grab a pint and a pizza !
great pizza !
nice costumer service !
i would definitely recommend this place to all my friends !
the pizza and wings are great and i would recommend this place to anyone .
we love coming here !
the pizza is great , and fair priced .
easily our favorite pizza joint when you want a comfortable , casual atmosphere .
the pizza was wonderful and so was the service .
we will definitely be back .
their staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
a+ all the way !
great experience !
they were friendly and helpful on the phone .
i would definitely recommend !
fantastic .
plus , their customer service is awesome .
outstanding customer service .
they have such great customer service .
great place for all your rental needs .
great service , helpful , and upbeat .
his staff of hygienists and assistants are very nice and pleasant to deal with .
fixed up good as new !
great staff and they keep things simple , which i enjoy .
i never feel like `` just a patient '' , more like a friend .
keep up the great work !
great practice .
the staff are friendly and helpful .
he is always professional and personable .
sara explained it all clearly and went exactly as planned .
the office staff was very kind , attentive , and informative .
very professional and pleasant experience all around !
the whole team has been wonderful .
her care for her patients is personalized and outstanding .
i 'll definitely recommend him .
we really enjoyed the moo goo pan ... very tasty .
the staff was friendly and knowledgeable .
i would definitely recommend .
very helpful and knowledgable staff .
nice !
helpful advice = happy me .
great customer service .
the office is brand new and very clean , modern , and big .
i am looking forward to our appointments with the doctors .
all the employees were so nice and patient with us .
thank you guys !
i will for sure go back !
i highly recommend this school & look forward to going to school everyday !
the regulars are friendly with our son and the food is awesome !
they have the best fries ever !
this place is great .
i have only had breakfast but the food is sooo good .
enjoy .
the portions are generous and the price certainly is right .
the bacon was especially tasty .
great breakfast food for way cheap !
other than that , i 'm becoming a regular .
this is a great place for basic breakfast faves .
this place is like a step back in time .
the portions are plentiful and the food is good .
they also have awesome meal deals .
and the service is friendly .
i really enjoy this place .
it is always busy and the food and service are great .
it 's the small town resturant in the big city .
very friendly staff and a really good chicken fried steak and eggs .
what a great find and thanks to yelp !
the staff is upbeat and friendly toward everyone .
these days , that 's a bargain !
relax and enjoy !
eggs benedict were good not great .
but the staff was very friendly and attentive .
good american breakfast place .
very at home feeling cafe .
the staff is bright and smiley .
the food itself is really good if your looking for mom 's cooking .
atmosphere is a `` comfortable active '' feeling .
very good .
all together a very nice quaint eatery .
will return !
40th street cafe is a delightful place for home cooking .
i was looking for good meatloaf and i found it !
i will return for another dinner .
tina was a delightful server .
a good suggestion .
great little hidden local spot .
this is a huge plus in my breakfast world .
i personally loved making conversation about what they ordered for breakfast .
i am giving it a _num_ great experience .
great place .
the food was good .
the prices were reasonable , and the service was great .
it 's a great neighborhood joint .
great friendly service with a real local feel like everybody already knows you .
everything was perfect , hot , and tasted really good .
great little small local cafe spot for breakfast !
great service !
awesome menu !
they top off your drinks the entire meal !
i enjoy this cafe and frequent it often .
great selection of food and good prices .
always a great place to have breakfast !
definitely our favorite !
you 'll feel like family as soon as you walk into the cafe !
staff is wonderful and the food is delicious .
perfect mix of salty and sweet !
great service & great food !
everyone was so kind !
good food at reasonable prices .
the ambiance is simple , american , and kept clean .
other than that , the service and food was great .
plenty of food at a good price .
great service !
great atmosphere .
delicious ruben and potato salad .
what a find !
thank you yelp !
it was fantastic !
they hand bread this here and he said it was phenomenal .
everything about our breakfast was great from start to finish .
we will definitely be back !
our usual place was packed so we checked yelp and found this place .
which are the best !
the staff was super friendly and the food was very good .
we thoroughly enjoyed it and will be back .
this place is awesome .
they have really good breakfast .
i love their biscuits and gravy .
the prices are really reasonable and have great customer service .
my waitress was very good and always checked up on us .
definitely worth the visit .
excellent service and huge portions of food .
i liked that they put the dressing on the side .
one of my favorite places !
great food , great service !
food is always consistent .
comes out hot every time .
amazing chicken fried steak .
definitely worth the wait .
the gravy and orange juice were really good as well .
all the staff are very friendly and treat you like family .
nothing we 've ordered has been extraordinarily great , just all really good .
inexpensive quality and quantity breakfast !
the service was great and the waitress was very kind .
i will definitely come back .
great & friendly service & absolutely no wait time .
i cant speak for his dish , but mine was amazing !
we left happy & full & i 'm sure we will be back !
food is always consistent and very delicious .
the restaurant is filled with regulars , which makes it a home style feel .
just sat down enjoying a really great cup of joe .
service is top notch .
the food is amazing .
food is great .
good home-style cooking .
fast , fast , fast service .
quaint little neighborhood place .
this hidden gem is simply amazing !
the prices are very reasonable and i 've always left satisfied !
great place for a quick , good and inexpensive breakfast .
definitely a mom and pop which leads to consistently good food .
the eggs were cooked perfectly !
this is definitely a place i will return to .
although it is small i absolutely loved the family feel !
this is the friendliest restaurant you 'll find in town .
excellent service and really tasty food .
i love the biscuits and gravy .
the food and service is very friendly .
it 's fast and hot .
good food .
the chili size was good , not great .
it was perfect .
she always remember me .
and she 's efficient , friendly , and gets the job done .
this place rocks !
their skillets are great .
prices are very reasonable for the quality you receive .
coffee is always hot , service is prompt , and the portions are generous .
i love their two egg skillets .
great food , good prices and big servings .
great place for breakfast , brunch or lunch .
waitresses are pretty , funny and make you feel very welcomed .
highly recommended .
pam was our server and she was very upbeat , friendly and prompt .
food was good .
awesome place , awesome staff , and awesome food .
great food , great prices !
small and crowded but you 're made to welcome and part of the crowd .
food great- this place is a treat !
the food is delicious and they have the best biscuits and gravy .
it is definitely worth the wait on the weekends .
they know you by name .
i recommend everyone go here .
this afternoon was our second time visiting , and it absolutely hit the spot !
the staff was very friendly and attentive - my coffee cup was never empty !
food was presented well and tasted great .
definitely recommended .
i love the biscuits and gravy .
fast and hot .
the staff is very friendly .
i love this place .
all sooooo good and the staff was so friendly .
great hash browns with peppers and onions .
the never ending cup of coffee is just that with the great service .
thanks again !
very happy that i went here .
very satisfied with my visit will be back for sure .
tasty , quick n good .
the place is clean and well maintained .
very friendly staff .
good job guys !
the customer service ( shawn ) is outstanding .
the place is clean and price is very , very reasonable .
we will definitely be back !
what great customer service !
their driver chris was amazing and so kind !
thank you for delivering excellent customer service !
love the local family owned atmosphere .
the staff here is so friendly and helpful !
i would recommend them to anyone !
best feed store in the valley !
super helpful and super friendly !
thank you for your hospitality .
staff here is always friendly and greets you when you stroll past the register .
this place is great !
this place is amazing !
they offer a rewards program for your animal food .
excellent prices , knowledgeable staff !
i love my new hot tub cover !
simple advice and a _num_ dollar part got me lights !
i love this place .
love massages and facials !
great technique .
great membership prices and great walk-in schedule for those last minute needs .
i love massage envy !
i am a fan !
i would recommend steven to anyone that wants a great deep tissue massage !
i love how comfortable i feel and of course the massages are great .
i see janet regularly and she is the best .
my therapist was wonderful and really worked my trouble areas .
i was in intense pain and i felt almost completely better .
book with daniel !
daniel is just extremely good at what he does !
i have always had a good experience at this massage envy .
i had a great session with nick .
he was professional and very calm .
he listened to my needs and did his best to help .
i would recommend this location .
jill , my therapist , was absolutely awesome !
thank you to all the staff at the thunderbird location !
they 've always been prompt , nice and efficient .
i 've had several therapists and they 've all been really good .
i totally lucked out today and will definitely be back soon !
she is very caring and listens to all your needs .
i will definitely come back to her .
steven did my massage a few weeks ago and he was superb !
i would highly recommend him to anyone .
i felt a world better afterwards .
what a great , relaxing experience .
friendly staff .
steven made me feel like i was in heaven for an hour .
i definitely recommend him .
the lady at the front was super nice and everyone was very professional .
i will be a return client because of the amazing experience !
frank is an incredible , gifted therapist .
i highly recommend frank and the pv location .
everyone is kind and friendly at the desk as well .
professional , kind , amazingly apt with her profession .
thanks tina !
massage envy has great massages .
well worth it .
your body will thank you .
there are many many massage therapists that are excellent here .
great staff !
thank you !
the pressure was perfect all the way through and his communication was on point .
his work is top notch and he is continuing his education .
the office staff is also always really nice .
the staff is awesome as well and very accommodating .
but otherwise , they 're really fantastic !
great vets , friendly staff and reasonable prices .
the best !
he is such a fantastic vet and very knowledgeable .
my current dogs love him .
the staff is awesome and we refer our family and friends all the time .
they will always have our business .
best vet i have ever been to !
i absolutely love the elementary staff .
i recommend them to all of our friends .
simply the best .
they did a great job !
great customer service , trustworthy , and never an issue with a repair .
absolutely blown away by these guys !
thanks you very much , and i dig the retro couch in front .
we 're both excited to go back next week .
nevertheless , she had fun being taught and challenged .
my daughter is constantly asking when we are going again !
staff - friendly and want to teach their technique .
classes - engaging for the kids !
the coaches are top quality and are fun and love to what they do !
teacher kim and staff thank you !
my son went to the camp last year , as well as currently attending .
this camp has been one of the best experiences my kids have ever had .
my daughter has been coming here for a few years and loves it .
this staff is amazing with kids who are special needs !
they have been very accommodating , friendly and above all compassionate .
everyone is so nice and they are really patient .
my almost two year old is learning so many great skills .
i love this place !
this place is fabulous !
both of my children absolutely love their classes .
what an awesome place !
i love the teacher jade , she is my favorite .
she challenges the kids and works with their skill level .
i highly recommend this school for kids _num_ years and above !
great place for every age group .
experienced coaches , very nice staff .
we love it here .
great prices and excellent customer service .
what a nice combination !
~ above and beyond customer service .
i love this papa johns store !
loyal costumer !
our family are huge fans of mrs temple and our teachers have been awesome !
best christian school in phx !
love this day care .
they really know how to work with kids .
a great place to take your child for the summer .
they do lots of fun things with them and affordable .
family is very friendly .
i had to use the bathroom and it was clean , paul .
love the orange chicken .
the same guy i always behind the counter with a smile on his face .
they are pretty quick and the food is always good to take home .
has great chinese food , loved the chicken fried rice .
very nice fast food !
good , fast , and reasonably priced chinese food .
very fresh and delicious .
plenty of leftover for later : ) will most definitely return .
so far so great !
orange chicken is delicious .
great food , fast and polite service .
great place to stop for a quick bite or take out .
great service and delicious quality food !
it 's hard to find a really good chinese food place around here !
this is one of my favorites in this area .
absolutely delicious chinese food !
delish i love this place .
they are so fast at this place i love it .
super family friendly as well .
the customer service is excellent .
no need to go anywhere else !
i eat here all the time .
love the food , love the people !
the food was good for the price .
i really liked the food and sauce , plus it came out fairly quickly .
excellent egg rolled and pot stickers .
will definitely eat there again .
great shakes and burgers .
the sandwiches are pretty good as well .
well done chain , reminiscent of the diners i grew up with back east .
best milkshakes ever !
_num_ & diner has a fun _num_ 's vibe with great all american food .
a fun blast from the past experience with tasty food and a fun staff .
this is one of my ideal hangover meals .
it 's awesome to sit and eat outside as well .
great outdoor seating section for those warm az mornings .
this is a good place to go for breakfast or lunch .
overall , very fast service , and hot food .
my favorite is their bbq burger .
breakfast is the best -- especially their french toast .
will visit again !
my children loved this place , and so did i .
the food was just right and the server was perfect .
this is our regular breakfast spot , food and service are good and consistent .
price and quality were fantastic , especially the kids ' menu .
loved it .
service was great .
friendly and accommodating .
great breakfast spot , always enjoy the food .
always a good experience here , food , price , atmosphere.
good little spot for breakfast .
it came out just like i ordered and the service was great .
sweet !
50s style diner , great food .
so freakin good !
their chicken fried steak and gravy is really good too .
pretty good out of town family always seems to like coming here .
they have really good chorizo and good service for a diner .
one hispanic waitress is really good .
consistently good food .
kristin was our waitress and was wonderful .
great food .
i highly recommend this place .
something for everyone .
she is getting a good tip and we will come back !
we love this restaurant !
it was well worth it !
well worth a visit .
i recommend this place !
thanks for all the great meals .
amazing service !
paradise has top quality sandwiches for a decent price .
they offer great soup and salad choices as well .
pesto + vinaigrette = heaven !
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
if you are looking for a great place for lunch , try it !
it 's delicious !
this place is amazing for lunch .
eat , drink .
and be merry my friends !
seriously , this place has some of the best soup i 've ever tasted .
today , i tried the white bean soup and it was perfectly wonderful !
if you want a great tasting traditional sandwich this is the place to go !
the food was excellent as were most of the staff .
put him in another position and this place is a great lunch spot !
we all love honey baked ham company ham .
the sandwich was excellent as expected and very fresh .
i will definitely add this to my favorite lunch spots !
they are reliable , easy going and get right to the point .
great place i would recommend it to any families in the area .
thanks guys !
i 've only used them for grooming , but man is robert wonderful !
great animal hospital !
caring , friendly knowledgeable staff and doctors .
for the quality and concern , i 'll pay it .
knowledgeable , friendly , caring .
greatest clinic i have found .
the staff is great .
they take wonderful care of my baby everytime .
the staff is kind , caring and professional .
i highly recommend them .
the staff is very friendly , helpful and loving to them as well .
the staff is extremely friendly and gentle with your pets .
the docs are great .
this store has amazing customer service .
the manager has a lot of skill and experience in fitting customers .
i left happy and ready for the beach .
my favorite ice cream shop , though the prices are a little pricey .
very good !
i love ice cream and enjoy the large variety of choices in my area !
the staff is always friendly and eager to help .
i always leave with a delicious treat and a smile on my face !
thank you for your product and your customer service .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
this place is great .
the `` sundaes '' taste great .
after being closed for a year , it is good to see them back .
good , friendly customer service and a clean store .
always love ordering the chocolate with brownies and strawberries .
great mix and the different ingredients mix well .
always a pleasure walking into cold stone !
the fact that the ice cream is a1 is a bonus !
personal , professional and timely service every time !
please give her your business .
great friendly staff .
i have been shopping there for a few years and i always felt welcomed .
found this super cute , royal blue baby doll dress .
well , as i said , our experience was wonderful .
this is a huge plus .
i ordered the cookies and cream which is always my favorite !
small , clean shop with very nice staff .
best place to get ice cream cakes .
the owner is typically in the store and always very nice and accommodating .
very friendly staff .
excellent service and wonderful chocolate ice cream .
very kind !
i would recommend this to friends !
this young man sean was the one stylist who totally impressed me .
sean , thank you .
this location is fairly new so it 's very clean and fresh feeling .
the service is decent .
they are pretty nice to my son .
tyler is amazing !
everyone is very friendly and genuine about welcoming clients .
this is my new salon !
i love that you can pay your rent online at any time !
so far we are very happy residents !
i received a gift certificate and decided to stop by .
everything we brought home was really really good .
always excellent quality .
great service .
love this place !
great chocolate , service & atmosphere .
and free samples just make me so happy !
the ideal place to buy a hostess gift .
good candy of all kinds from a reliable chain .
then she continued the tradition with my children .
it always smells sweet and inviting .
i love this little store and have for many years .
those chocolates are totally worth some extra calories !
i love this place !
it smells wonderful and everything is delicious .
the sales clerk today was very friendly and helpful .
i love see 's .
they know what works and have stuck with it .
i love that they still give out a free sample .
see 's treats their customers well .
one of my favorites !
her prices are very reasonable and her work is good quality .
her pricing is also very competitive .
it is so good .
we also love the chips and salsa and margaritas !
it was tasty .
we 'll definitely be back .
best appetizer in the city .
it probably takes years off your life but the taste is worth it .
they only got the high quality shit here .
lean and clean .
they have many other excellent choices .
all i can really say is that it 's a family favorite .
and the margaritas are a nice complement to any mexican meal .
we love this place and go at least twice a month .
the service is consistently good , as well as the food .
it is reliable , clean , fast , and inexpensive .
we have been going for years and have always had good waiters !
great for families !
it is fantastic and so flavorful .
he really liked them .
this place is not too filling and yet you feel very satisfied .
i love this place .
their salsa is so good , their food is wonderful .
love this place , great service indoor/outdoor seating .
the best fish tacos ever .
this is a favorite of ours - have been coming here for years .
and this place knows how to do tacos and chilaquiles .
but the food is always good as is the service .
incredible food .
this is a `` mexico city '' type of restaurant .
wow !
excellent service !
food was delicious .
the enchilada con mole was fantastic !
we will most definitely be going back very soon !
highly recommend !
great mexico city mexican .
love happy hour here .
everything is great .
wonderful atmosphere great staff .
love this place .
what i recommend is the mole enchiladas !
it 's professional , affordable , and fun .
my daughters have been dancing there for the past few years and loved it !
all the teachers , including the owners , are wonderful .
all in all this is a really great studio .
love this studio !
everyone is so kind and friendly .
it 's about dancing in a positive happy environment , while making amazing friends .
attended ( my niece ) their princess dance camp ... she loved it !
it was a great experience !
great dance studio , teachers and owners !
i love this store .
they have great sales on their pool toys as well .
i 'm not sure that their pricing is the best on chemicals , etc .
excellent service from salespeople to delivery .
great service , quality work , friendly staff .
they offer a good price with good service .
miguel is our service rep and is our dog 's best friend .
bill is my `` pool guy '' and he is wonderful .
rod , the owner , is also amazing .
i am thrilled with their service and you will be , too !
both of them are great guys that will spend extra time explaining details .
wow !
amazing !
the shop owners are so nice and kind !
they do such a great job !
i highly recommend !
the price was great too !
amazing manicure and pedicure .
great job on trimming my cuticles and very detail oriented .
it was a clean , friendly and relaxing environment .
omg , man !
the attention to detail here is spectacular !
got a gel mani & pedi and it turned out great .
price was fair and competitive too .
i will be back !
outstanding service and genuinely care about the customer .
thoroughly recommend .
helpful staff , sales , parts and service .
excellent customer service , great pricing on service , parts and sales .
i really love the family owned feel of the place !
what i like best about the shop is that their staff are very knowledgeable .
favorite bike shop in town !
always fun to ride down & get what i need done .
great experience selling my gold wing on consignment .
received a check for a fair amount and they took care of everything .
thanks for the great experience .
incredibly happy with service and price .
they make you feel comfortable no matter what you 're riding experience is .
they both go above and beyond .
great place .
great attitude of all employees .
the entire staff was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable !
everyone is friendly and helpful .
i have been taking my bike to these guys since i bought it .
they made a great recommendation based on experience and motorcycle knowledge .
i am happy to recommend them to all of my motorcycle buddies .
this is my new go-to service facility .
the guy knows everything and he always seems like he 's having fun .
keep up the good work guys .
this particular location is very good ... just needs more selection .
eat , drink and be merry my friends !
he made me feel so comfortable and explained everything and answered all my questions .
very quick and thorough with the exam .
great job guys !
the staff is nice .
she really knows how to fit glasses .
i highly recommend her .
she is patient and helpful .
i am very happy with my glasses , and nicole 's customer service !
love this school and would highly recommend any one who has children to attend !
amazing and loving staff !
we have had _num_ kids go here and had a great experience .
the staff is great and care for the kids .
great experience !
easily the best billiards company in phoenix .
they really know their stuff , and they are excellent at installation .
reasonable price for our table purchase and install .
again reasonable price and great install .
will use them again and recommend if you need your table moved .
absolutely fantastic experience .
was a great experience !
great experience with jason and crew .
would highly recommend !
well worth the _num_ yard walk from the courtyard .
this place offered a pretty good selection of breakfast , lunch and dinner .
good service and fantastic steak sandwich .
my girlfriend had the burger and loved it .
the margarita was refreshing and hit the spot .
great place !
really nice and attentive staff .
our waitress was prompt and efficient .
i 'd definitely have it again .
stayed here last weekend and overall , i was impressed .
rental car on site , cool bar with good food and nice beer selection !
wife and i will be back next spring training for sure !
i enjoyed my stay here .
the staff were all very friendly .
i enjoyed the breakfast which was more than the standard continental breakfast .
where this place really sets itself apart is the shuttle service .
this is a pretty nice and clean hotel .
the gym , pool , and lobby are very nice and inviting .
pretty decent hotel .
the lobby looks clean with a good decoration .
my room is really nice .
my bed is super comfy .
i definitely say here once again and i would suggest to others .
right now , feeling good !
this is a very clean and professional hotel .
the location is perfect for layover at the airport .
shuttle service is fast and efficient .
nicely appointed .
good prices .
everything is clean but i can hear everything .
good food .
plenty to do .
location is perfect and rooms were clean .
the effort is very much appreciated !
this is by far the absolutely the best experience i have had .
the people at the front desk are very helpful and are always smiling .
so nice and friendly .
i would highly recommend this hotel .
lovely staff .
no complaints from this happy guest !
beautiful pool and the room and beds were super comfortable .
room smells so fresh .
the room we got is newly renovated so it 's clean and modern .
service is excellent .
the whole checking in process is smooth and pleasant .
i totally enjoyed my _num_ days stay in here .
everyone is so helpful .
our server ron went above and beyond in his kindness and attention .
everyone has been helpful and kind .
will definitely stay here again if i 'm in the area .
two thumbs way up .
would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the phoenix area .
the hotel is up to date and the staff is extremely friendly .
the courtyard phoenix airport is a really nice hotel .
it has modern furnishings and decorations throughout .
the hotel itself is very clean .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
we stayed here after missing a connecting flight and had a very pleasant stay .
very good hotel .
great service .
above and beyond .
the room is large , clean , and more than adequate .
unexpectedly awesome service .
sweet pool and pretty nice fitness center although it 's small .
nice staff and very clean and well maintained rooms .
they did a great job taking care of us .
everything was great .
i will definitely stay here again while i 'm in phoenix .
great job courtyard !
this is my favorite papa john 's location in phoenix !
fast , friendly , and always yummy !
service has always been quick and friendly .
wonderful customer service !
everyone was sooo nice and helpful !
i will def come again !
love their quick , friendly service and that orders are always right !
really love the ease of ordering online and signing up for rewards .
so great !
thanks !
have had good service from here .
my god are they good .
good too .
like the works pizza .
i love this place .
they are fast with that delivery .
they got it right !
thanks papa johns !
papa johns staff is nice and smart to everyone !
the fries are the best !
this location is just as good as the tempe one .
it 's that good !
their workmanship and service are top notch .
they have very creative colors and blends .
i definitely will be going back to them for future projects .
being able to powder coat stuff saved the day !
easy to work with .
great pricing .
love az powder coat !
ryan and hugo are great to work with .
highly recommend them !
love this place .
thank you so much !
these guys were amazing .
they did everything on time and with a smile .
arizona powder coat were extremely professional and a great pleasure to do business with .
he loved it .
the waiting area is nice and very comfortable .
the bathrooms are always posh and super clean .
they were happy to accommodate us .
nice place !
great customer service and smiles all around .
very comfy pilot lounge and lobby area .
one of the best sub places in the valley .
love this spot for lunch !
they have messed up my order twice , but fixed it right away .
love this place for a quick easy lunch .
the staff here is friendly and quick .
they make a tasty sub .
they have the best tuna by far !
also the best bread .
so good wish they were open on weekends !
very nice .
always pleasant service and great sandwiches .
i think alicia covered everything pretty perfectly , and i definitely recommend living here .
the apartments themselves are pretty large with nice windows and good central air .
having a washer and dryer in every unit is pretty great .
so far so good !
the price is more than the average price , but the community seems good .
love this place !
they have excellent customer service and are always fair !
mike , the owner , is an honest down to earth guy .
honest and reliable .
i would definitely recommend choosing this airline .
this is a great place to have your car repaired .
he tells it like it is and gives you options .
i have always been satisfied with work he has done .
john is amazing .
he will always have it done when promised .
awesome , honest guy .
john has been honest and fair with my car repairs .
very nice guy and thorough optometrist , even for a picky pain like me .
dr. anderson makes you feel like a friend as soon as you meet him .
i recommend him highly !
great guy , great service .
the staff was exceptional and i had a very good experience .
not to mention a great selection and knowledgeable doctor !
i love dr anderson !
it 's a beautiful office with a welcoming staff .
it 's worth the drive !
it reminds me of a boutique with their great selection of glasses and sunglasses .
dr anderson is awesome .
i see better with these glasses than i ever have before .
he is willing to spend extra time with me to come up with solutions .
i recommend him without reservation .
great place right in the middle of town .
outstanding customer service !
huge bags of high quality , long burning wood for $ _num_ !
this place is great .
very reasonable prices and they load it for you too !
great selection , great prices , excellent service !
this stuff smells so good on a chilly evening .
just make sure you bring cash !
best place in valley .
good selection delivery prices are reasonable .
plus they will help you load your truck .
very good quality oak .
great prices and great customer service .
solid guys .
they have all different types and are very friendly and willing to answer questions .
this was easy , painless and a fairly decent price !
thanks , fellas !
i cook and i love tools .
i searched the web for the contact number and found that they had moved .
the new location worked out great for me .
score !
the location is easy to find , well organized and clean .
i will certainly return .
thanks for being a great help to my business !
the mini subs are in the _num_ dollar range and are perfect for lunch .
the staff is friendly , and the food is always awesome .
i call my order in and swing by and pick it up .
fast , friendly and reliable .
this place is amazing .
we each ordered a different sub and they were all delicious .
the bread is awesome and the veggies were fresh .
pretty good sandwich , had a club on wheat sub .
everything tasted fresh and good .
lemonade is good .
the feed here is very good .
the place is clean and the people friendly .
the breakfast is what i enjoy the most about this place .
they are priced fair and their portions are a decent sized .
the cheeseburger combo is a go to every time !
pastrami sandwich is awesome .
service is good and fast .
nice place to eat and always busy when we go in .
this is a hidden gem .
my office consistently has these delicious sandwiches delivered .
they are always fresh and tasty !
we love this place !
the service is super fast and my husband raves about the turkey sub .
heck , every sub and sandwich i 've tried has been delicious !
the staff is super nice and they work hard to make us happy .
great for a quick bite while at work .
highly recommend !
one of my favorite mexican places to eat in phoenix .
tortillas .
go in with an open mind .
carolina 's is simply great .
the very definition of perfection .
perfect for a quick lunch if you can find a seat .
great food.
great prices !
great sauces and tortillas !
great thin homemade tortillas .
great breakfast machaca burritos .
this food is wonderful .
you can choose anything on the menu , and you wo n't be dissapointed .
great food and great prices !
possibly the best mexican i 've ever had .
both locations are great .
some of the best `` homestyle '' mexican i 've ever had .
i usually get the double wrapped enchilada combo that is pure saucy heaven !
happiness is a sure bet !
the best mexican food !
the chicken and cheese burrito is the best on the menu !
best damn chorizo , egg and potato burrito i 've ever had .
amazing salsa .
lovely smell .
everyone was very happy with the food , and we all left stuffed .
knowing that before you go , you 're in for a good meal !
their tortillas are incredible , and my favorite is the chorizo and potato burrito .
the food takes a while to get , but it is so worth it .
delicious .
wow .
best mexican food in the valley for the money !
large , fresh and sooo tasty .
the beans are very tasty and love all the different burrito variations .
man i forgot how good this stuff is .
carolina 's makes the best there is .
the chorizo is excellent as well as the beans and tortillas .
the place is a dive but the food is very good .
carolina 's has the best tortillas in town , hands down .
i love this place !
oh well , keep the food great and we will keep coming .
i love my mexican food dripping with grease and this place does the trick .
it is a great place for lunch when you work downtown .
this place does have great food and totally lives up to it 's reputation .
decent food for decent prices .
and they make the best machaca in the valley .
god bless them all .
one of the best mexican restaurants i 've been to in phoenix .
everything i 've ever had here was good , except the guacamole .
great hole in the wall .
but the food is delicious .
it 's the truth .
it 's worth the trip every time .
chorizo is amazing !
best taco 's i 've ever had .
carolina 's mexican food is both authentic and delicious !
growing up in a border town , i love my mexican food .
the food is super authentic .
the price is great .
you got ta try this place !
this is the location i will consistently return to .
four stars for this wonderful little hole in the wall kind of place .
the beef was nicely cooked , juicy and tender and full of juices .
arrived at dinner time , and had the best mexican food !
maybe this is a better place for pickup .
i love this place a lot .
the machaca is awesome and the tortillas are amazing .
works best for leaving , when the place is packed .
that carolina sure knows how to make tortillas .
it 's the first time i 've had machaca and it is fantastic .
the place is a total dive and i love it !
to top that off , all the fuss about their tortillas is true .
they were extremely good .
it 's cheap , delicious and very satisfying .
must admit the neighborhood is a little intimidating but the food is fantastic .
i love their tortillas and their salsa .
carolina 's is absolutely amazing !
my rating is definitely based off the quality and authenticity of the food .
best of phx .
treat yourself .
there tortillas are the best in town !
the best mexican food i have had in my life .
someday i will master the technique to eat a burrito without a blowout .
it all adds to the overall charm of the place .
the food , of course , is top notch .
just great , basic , mexican food .
consistently delicious and crazy cheap .
this place has some of the best chimichangas in arizona .
although it 's a little greasy , it 's absolutely delicious .
the burritos are big and the prices are pretty reasonable .
still good tho .
that 's cool .
the lines and waits are long because we love the food !
best tortilla factory in the valley , bar none .
best tortillas around !
authentic and amazing green chili , looking forward to next visit !
muy bueno !
known best for their machaca and their hot , freshly made flour tortillas .
good food at great prices .
location kinda sucks but well worth the trip into the ghetto !
service was pretty fast considering the line that was growing by the minute .
food tasted great and was pretty darn cheap to boot !
it is amazing to see how much it has grown .
their green chili burrito was very good .
white walls and basic chairs and tables .
quite good .
best tortillas !
what an interesting place .
i love their breakfast burritos , and their awesome enchilada sauce .
i am totally impressed with the quality of the chorizo and tortillas .
and to combine them with some eggs ... heaven !
their chimi 's are really good too !
what a surprise !
in an interesting part of town , this place is amazing .
sitting inside , even though it gets incredibly packed , is a comforting experience .
it is something to behold .
great mexican food .
good and quick .
however , that 's where you can find some of the best food !
good eating !
ghetto place , awesome people , awesome food !
i ordered the machaca plate with rice , beans , and a flour tortilla .
soooo tasty !
chimis , etc .
the sauces are delicious and everything is homemade .
they take pride in their food and are quick with the service .
will visit again !
ordering is pretty straightforward and they 're great at the basics .
the tortillas are always made fresh and you can see them prepare it .
a great place to start the day !
carolina 's is a true staple of mexican food tradition in phoenix .
great yelp find again !
i wish i lived closer to this gem !
staff is ultra friendly ... .
they run a tight ship !
the tortillas are the best in town .
best tortillas in the state hands down .
there salsa is also unique and delicious .
great authentic mexican food .
the tortillas were the best i 've ever had at a restaurant .
also , in the early morning the restaurant is actually quiet !
it 's almost nice .
this place is probably the best mexican food i have ever had !
this simply the best mexican food i have ever had .
a burrito with those ingredients is simply heaven on earth to me .
carolina 's rocks !
the food and especially tortillas are amazing !
is perfect .
they are always cops there eating so you know its good !
try the number _num_ , the most amazing tacos ever .
the burritos , tacos , beans , rice are all good .
the food is top notch .
the food is worth the fight .
the og and still the best !
best mexican food in town !
everything is delicious !
love the chorizo .
best mexican restaurant .
coke and pepsi !
genuine .
you 'll thank me later .
best mexican joint in arizona !
red chili is the greatest !
i will go anywhere for carolina 's tacos !
the nice thing is they usually give a healthy amount with to-go orders .
just great mexican food !
this is definitely my favorite place for mexican food in phoenix .
everyone was impressed .
i usually order the taco & enchilada combo plate , which is absolutely delish .
best tortillas in az .
that is the real draw of this place .
the food is amazing and the customer service is excellent .
great burritos .
combo plates are also good .
great for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
the answer is simple , the food is absolutely spot on !
the food here is amazing !
it 's the best .
best mexican food in downtown phx !
best burritos in town .
great salsa and the best homemade tortillas .
this is some of the best food in the valley .
take some tortillas home , you 'll be glad you did !
seriously unfair how good the tortillas are from carolinas .
it 's soo delicious .
great food at great prices .
love the food .
it 's carolina 's !
the tortillas are excellent as well .
a local favorite , which can be seen for itself during lunch hours .
this place is more ideal for takeout .
the best beef tacos in the valley !
i also love the salsa because it has the right amount of heat .
the homemade tortillas are excellent and i always get an order to go .
still love carolina 's though !
yes , the machaca is crazy good .
take some tortillas with you , too , if you get the chance .
awesome authentic mexican food !
go once and you will go back every chance you get !
all fresh & delicious !
definitely more of a lunch , than dinner , spot .
rather people come here again and again , simply because it is incredible food .
freshly made tortilla as usual .
in the downtown area , i highly recommend making the stop .
excellent flavor , subtle heat , perfectly cooked .
a hit !
good stuff !
great mexican food .
neighborhood just adds to the flavor of this place .
tortillas are awesome !
the few things we 've tried have all been very good .
it 's the best mexican food restaurant in the entire southwest !
keep it up !
my favorite mexican food !
the cheese quesadillas and tortillas are delicious too .
i recommend calling in the order since it gets really busy sometimes .
the best salsa you can get !
authentic as you can get !
their homemade tortillas are the best in town .
awesome !
the food is astounding !
watch out for the enchiladas because they pack a spicy and delicious punch !
great mexican food with a friendly staff .
they have a great selection of food , my favorite was machaca and eggs .
highly recommend .
great tortillas !
very close to car rental return .
dollar to food ratio is quite high .
i love this place- quite authentic and honest .
spicy , salty deliciousness .
the food was amazing !
they are the best !
love the red chicken enchiladas , they 're spicy and fresh and amazing .
beans and rice are fine , nothing bad or spectacular .
truly as good as it gets .
thumbs up !
my favorite breakfast burrito .
amazing food !
this is the best mexican food in phoenix .
the food is great but i especially like the chorizo and the flour tortillas .
the restaurant was packed at lunch , but the service was friendly and fast .
this place is the real thing , and a fun adventure .
the old school hot sauce is the best !
the best red chile burrito ever !
chorizo and bean burro and the butter tortillas are a must have !
it made me realize how great the mexican food is in arizona .
best mexican food ever .
burritos and the most amazing chewy burrito perfection i 've ever had .
every time i go there i get a consistent product and am always happy .
awesome and authentic food .
it does get busy but it 's worth the wait !
i absolutely love this place .
their tortillas are a wonder to behold .
this place is where the locals go , so you know it 's amazing .
the salsa is very spicy , but tastes great .
i highly recommend to anyone looking for authentic mexican food .
hands down the best mexican food you will find !
the tables are never clean .
there 's always a line .
it 's perfect .
everything here is amazing !
my favorite are the tacos , and enchiladas !
good taco 's , enchiladas , and burritos .
seriously though .
the food : pretty simple straightforward food .
as you have heard their tortillas are fresh made and pretty delicious .
the food is good , savory , and hearty .
also spicy .
awards cover the walls of this place and you know it 's good !
it 's worth the price .
look , the food is great .
but the food ... and yeah , it 's real mexican .
best stop for mexican food coming from the airport .
authentic , simple , delicious .
great experience .
good , simple , authentic food !
really good food !
best mexican food in the valley .
the food is authentic , fresh and made to order .
you guys are amazing keep up the good work .
amazing burritos with freshly made flour tortillas .
good prices , fast , and always consistent .
i 'll make the drive to carolinas anytime !
love this place !
best home made mexican food .
great prices .
they really do have the best tortillas in town .
i got the machaca with egg and potatoes .
everything is pretty good the tortillas are absolutely the best ever !
the aesthetics leave a lot to be desired but the food is fantastic !
the food is fresh and very good .
both were great !
best tortillas ever .
the tortilla is phenomenal and thin but also has flavor to it .
i got a red machaca and it was really juicy and delicious .
best mexican food in the valley !
the tortillas are amazing !
loved it .
delicious and authentic mexican food .
by far my favorite mexican food in either california or arizona .
so delicious !
best mexican grub in phoenix !
great authentic mexican food at a reasonable price .
the beef and cheese enchiladas with rice and beans are excellent !
the taste of all of the ingredients finally reminded me mexico which is great !
the room and the tables are _num_ stars .
everything we had was delicious .
amazing !
i love this place .
their butter tortillas are the best .
the butter tortillas are awesome and their mexican rice is pretty good too .
it 's absolutely delicious and extremely cheap .
i highly recommend it if you ever visit phoenix az .
carolina 's is really good .
great tortillas and ingredients .
everything tastes great .
you can also call ahead which i recommend .
they sell homemade tortillas that melt in your mouth .
everything was amazing .
the machaca meat is so flavorful .
the place is pretty dumpy but the food is excellent .
always good , hot and fresh .
great food .
best spot in south phoenix .
fresh food that always tastes amazing .
but the food is always amazing .
the food was very good and the chips were fantastic .
it was divey and old school and it was great .
amazing !
we were visiting from miami and highly recommend this place .
the smoked brisket and smoked pork tacos were different and amazing !
highly recommend the rice bowls and margaritas as well .
great ambiance and great service !
best tortillas on the planet !
amazing food , love the red chili burro !
plus i really do love the cheese enchiladas .
went to bobby c 's last night and had a pretty good time .
it was so juicy and to die for .
i highly recommend bobby c 's .
it has good prices and good food .
good lunch specials - we call ahead and pick up or eat there .
lunch service is usually pretty fast in our experience .
i do n't care though , because their food is freaking amazing .
i love wong 's !
i hear their egg rolls and fried rice are the best , too !
the food is top notch !
pricing is great and the service is good .
it 's worth a try , if you are in the neighborhood .
i will definitely be going back to try some more items !
i love this place .
they have amazing soup .
their hot and sour soup is one of the best i 've ever had .
and the entrees and apps are good too .
wong 's is a great place to eat .
if you want good chinese food this is the place to go !
love eating here .
been coming here for years and love going there .
always a great experience .
this is it !
the food was fresh , fresh , fresh .
the food is always fresh , and made to perfection .
very good chinese food is sooooo hard to find in arizona !
everything was great .
and i do n't need to tell you the food is fresh and delicious .
more than pleasantly surprised !
best chinese i 've experienced anywhere .
huge fan of wong 's .
normally i go there on the lunch hour and it fills up pretty quickly .
despite how it looks , it 's very clean and safe .
with the lunch special , you get a cup of egg drop soup .
great service too .
since they have limited seating takeout is always a good option .
for a very inexpensive chinese restaurant this place really is good .
the food is excellently fresh and very tasty .
wong 's is super delicious and everything they make is .
i love their combo meals and the food is always fresh and steamy hot .
either way the food and everything is excellent .
the usual great service .
the orange chicken is great !
if it 's for food then cool .
great food that 's inexpensive !
this place is good !
love this place !
has always been great and fast .
i loved it here and i will be coming back !
judge it by the great flavors in all of there dishes !
stopped here on the way to phx .
funny looking building , awesome tasting food .
great food , cheap prices , and lots and lots of food .
the waitress was sweet and always smiling .
first time at this establishment and i must say it was very good .
but foods pretty good and on my way home .
the ala carte items are terrific .
can totally get another couple meals and that 's always a plus .
will definitely be going here again !
highly recommended !
the price is right for the food and the friendly service you get here !
but foods pretty good and on my way home .
love this place .
they have huge portions , friendly service , and delicious food for great prices .
the service and quality was met beyond any expectations that i had .
thank you !
his shop was very clean & professional .
when i came to pick it up , i was extremely happy .
excellent service & work !
they fixed my car !
reasonable rate .
amazing service and very inexpensive .
amazing service .
great drivers , great driving , just great experiences .
was great !
it was nice that is was respectful during ride .
it works for our company .
on time , clean cab , and friendly .
great for what it is , a ride to the airport .
best prices in town .
i would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a car !
easily the best car buying experience i 've ever had .
very happy .
i love pete 's .
i love the food anyway .
i love pete 's fish and chips !
the fish and the shrimp always taste great !
crunchy and great tasting !
always a great place to stop if not too busy .
still one of my favorite places for lunch !
everything here is top-notch !
our outdoor chairs look brand new thanks to the staff .
i would highly recommend them !
found the dress , only _num_ bucks , i love it !
i love this place for every big event i 've had .
they are friendly and it 's inexpensive .
they have beautiful dresses .
also the people in the back that help are very friendly .
when i got to my dressing room they brought everyone a mimosa .
i ended up finding my wedding dress and it 's gorgeous .
i definitely recommend this place !
i am a huge fan !
i loved it here !
they are fast , friendly and effective !
but other than that i had so much fun while there .
this place is amazing !
i totally see why .
definitely a good experience .
she offered suggestions and ideas , and i ended up finding the dress !
i 'm so glad they did because it really was a great experience .
what a wonderful bridal shop azteca is !
the staff was warm and welcoming while providing a friendly tour .
there is ample parking and super friendly staff .
awesome fruits and veggies at a great deal !
this place is solid .
great carne asada , but stay away from the burritos .
you are here to eat real mexican food !
extremely delicious , this is what authentic is like .
my new favorite joint !
excellent carne asada and traditional atmosphere .
food takes a while because it is made fresh and definitely worth the wait .
excellent food , all the way around .
this is very close in flavor , if a different cultural tone .
fresh limeade , tacos de asada -- authentic feel at a great price .
very good meat .
temperature inside was a little hot , but worth the heat .
great chicken burrito .
love their salsa and their tortillas .
great service and food .
generous sizes on food and beverages .
we both enjoyed our meals .
amazing , i 'm not even a meat eater and this place was great .
enjoy , for my sake !
pros - this place is so good !
i have yet to go and not get good quality food .
amazing !
the tacos were amazing !
the salsa is fantastic .
you 'll be coming back for more !
amazing food .
it 's so friggin good .
they have consistent , quality and authentic mexican food !
the service is always friendly and fast .
simple and super delicious !
the chicken is tasty .
the asada is delicious !
the barbacoa is juicy and full of flavor .
it 's a _num_ min drive for us , but well worth the effort .
great chicken , pork , and carne asada .
when friends come in from out of town this is our go to place !
great food , great prices , and large portions .
definitely worth going again .
the pastor was very tasty as carne asada .
the beans were amazing .
good find , would go back .
best burrito in town !
great beans and chips for free .
barbacoa was tender and juicy and flavorful and so was the al pastor .
carne asada wasnt ' as nice as the barbacoa but still great .
great portions and the food is great !
guacamole and chips are recommended .
simple , honest , and delicious .
you 'll love it .
so delicious !
i love it !
highly recommend it if you 're craving mexican food .
a plus is just the torta alone is very filling .
it 's a great , clean and yummy place .
this has been a favorite of mine since my first visit .
it 's authentic .
it 's delicious .
it 's a small , hole-in-the-wall restaurant with delicious food .
great sonoran food !
well worth the drive for us and we will be back .
all the other options are very good .
this place is a gem .
great deal !
real mexican food !
such good food and delicious horchata .
the people who work here are super friendly as well !
fantastic lunch spot .
the grilled chicken is some of the best in phoenix .
highly recommend if your looking for good authentic mexican downtown .
great grilled mexican food !
we 'll definitely go back .
best beans !
best tacos !
very friendly .
all tasted fantastic !
great value and really good food .
taco platters are fantastic .
fresh tortillas and a selection of meats with onions and peppers .
the food is good , but not great .
but for the money it 's a great choice for lunch .
price is good and atmosphere is unique .
decent price and delicious food .
i love this place !
come see for yourself !
i will say i am a proud member of this family .
this church is amazing and does so much for the community .
plenty of parking , clean grounds , it was very well maintained .
bk has some of the best fast food onion rings .
burgers spectacular !
will be back !
great shop .
was impressed with this spot .
received a great haircut in a super friendly environment .
great job by mike .
professional and comfortable setting .
nothing fancy nothing hood just the perfect barbershop for our people .
efficient , polite , and fairly priced .
that 's as good as it gets !
awesome .
so much better than parking on site .
safe and good prices keep me coming back .
talk about service !
their rates are exceptional and the coupon provides and even better rate .
he was more than accommodating and such a pleasure .
i recommend this place without reservation .
friendly employees .
they really make travel easy .
when you arrive , they give you a section to park in .
excellent service !
since then , i 've recommended it to many friends and associates .
they pick you up and drop you off at your car !
sonny the manager on duty ... ... a plus customer service !
thank you sonny and i absolutely will .
that was very very nice what you did .
would recommend to anyone !
fast , efficient , & reasonably priced .
great location and cost effective .
the drivers are professional .
i would highly recommend these guys for off site airport parking .
excellent service , from the drivers to the cashiers , very customer conscious .
good reservation system and safe parking .
i have always received top notch service and will continue to use them .
van service is quick and reliable .
great customer service .
full service amenities available on site .
to me , this is the best off site parking option available .
easy , inexpensive and convenient .
exceptional facility .
best of breed in my opinion .
excellent service and convenient location .
best rates in town .
i would definitely recommend this place .
i definitely will use them again .
easy , inexpensive and convenient .
this will be my go to spot whenever i fly out .
recently moved to phoenix area .
found pre flight on the internet .
i 'm hooked .
_num_ experiences so far this year - all great !
the service is quick and efficient .
they continuously upgrade their service .
this parking is the best at phx airport .
drivers are professional and courteous .
win .
great service - short waits .
definitely use again !
perfect !
love the free newspaper .
highlight recommend them !
worked perfectly ... absolutely no problems .
fast , convenient service and friendly employees .
they are top notch & more than just a parking lot .
they are fast , efficient , safe & professional .
i think these guys are great !
they are really good people .
the pulled lamb is the best i 've ever had .
service is quick , efficient , and very friendly .
highly recommend and will gladly go back again .
love this place !
i 've also had the catering a couple times and it is also great .
good prices , the line ( every day at lunch ! )
moves fast ... and you can eat outside almost every day .
i guess it 's all good !
my co-worker enjoyed the broccoli casserole .
good portions at a fair price .
i got the brisket sandwich which was actually really good .
it was a tangy and sweet sauce with nice flavor .
overall happy !
overall happy !
the ribs are delicious .
my friend found it to be wonderful and ate both hers and mine .
the garlic mashed potatoes were surprisingly good .
focus on what 's important !
quality and service are top notch with a clean environment is hard to beat .
the best bbq in tempe and the service is awesome .
nice look inside the restaurant .
corn bread was delicious !
bbq sauce tasted great .
one of the best we have found in phoenix .
he recommended the brisket sandwich with coleslaw .
price is fair .
i recommend this place and i will definitely will be going back .
delicious as always .
authentic tasting barbecue and the sides are amazing .
hands down best bbq i 've found in phoenix yet .
amazing mashed potatoes !
smells good taste better !
awesome food !
corn bread was ok .
just a perfect lunch sandwich .
the place is small but very clean , and looks well cared for .
absolutely love their brisket sandwich !
great prices for the quality products they offer .
been enjoying the bbq here for a long time .
still a favorite and had lunch here twice in the last week !
bbq was outstanding .
generous portions , great taste and delivered by one of the owners .
this place has the best beef brisket sandwich .
it was very good tasty and loaded with meat .
the bbq brisket sandwich is very good and the pulled pork sandwich .
everyone there is super nice , the food is always on point !
the meats were all tender and delicious .
the cobbler was a big hit .
thank you thank you !
ribs were very good !
the sauce is good but they need to give you more .
the brisket sandwich has great flavor .
they pack some flavor for sure !
good q !
great quality food and awesome service .
that 's how great this place is .
ordered a beef brisket sandwich to go and it was pretty good .
definitely smelled incredible and i would n't mind trying some of their other dishes .
burgers fantastic .
pulled pork sandwich was great .
food is good .
always see this place on the way home .
pretty good .
sauce was good .
great bbq with standout brisket .
well worth a visit .
this company has been an absolute pleasure to do business with .
all my guests were very impressed .
quick and speedy and we got what we reserved .
great !
that 's the kind of customer service you hope for .
good experience overall .
highly recommend this place !
we also loved the car it was so clean and cute .
the employee who assisted me was friendly and helpful .
i received the car class i reserved and the car was very clean .
got a kia soul that was in good condition .
return was very prompt and simple .
he was charming , helpful and generous !
thank you john !
the van we rented was a great choice .
got an estimate with andy good .
okay , please read this entire review .
their after sales service was also excellent .
( thanks andy ! )
would recommend to anyone in the future .
the experience was absolutely above and beyond what anyone could ask for .
we love our new pool .
darn good fish and chips imho .
ranch makes everything better !
this is the best fish and chips in the valley , hands down .
the shrimp were large sized and he enjoyed it tremendously .
though we live in goodyear , will definitely be going back for more .
we got a side of hush puppies ... soooo yummy !
the fish is among the best that you will find in the phoenix area .
i am also a big fan of the okra .
the ambiance here is also quite enjoyable .
love their fried fish with fries and the endless supply of ranch .
oh sooo good !
the price is right , the service is ok .
they have really good fried food , especially the shrimp .
the prices are decent and they have a bunch of different sauces .
very tasty place to eat .
they have really good tartar and cocktail sauce .
best place in town i think .
great fish and shrimp .
oh btw ... our meal was great !
i shall return !
i got my wife hooked and her parents hooked .
i love this place .
fish and chips are great .
shrimp cocktail is amazing .
best fried clams in phoenix .
amazing !
fried fish and everything else at its best .
packed with friday lunch crowd .
great place .
the shrimp cocktail is the best .
if you want good fish and chips this is the place .
these are the best fish and chips in the world !
the prices are good and the food is excellent .
it is a great place for the whole family .
really good deep fried fish that is breaded on the spot .
tastes fresh .
potato salad is very good .
tartar and cocktail sauce are so easy to make .
very cool old place in the industrial part of town .
best i 've had in az .
great temperature , breading , seasoning you even got the french fries right .
i will definitely be back !
the shrimp and sides are great too .
it is a dive and we love it !
one of the best treasures in the valley .
even the fries , or `` chips '' are good .
-- is crisp and perfect .
great shrimp that has a wonderful crust .
this place is by far the best fish joint i 've tasted in phoenix .
i highly recommend it .
best seafood in phoenix !
i highly recommend the lobster and crab .
it definitely satisfies my seafood cravings without hurting my wallet .
wow it was great !
awesome fish and chips .
try the shrimp they are huge and fresh .
if you want seafood this is the place to go .
fresh battered fish , nice and crunchy , good sized portions .
foods pretty tasty and it 's a great value .
well , never judge a book by its cover .
i will definitely come back again .
this is the best fish and chips that i have tasted in phoenix .
you get a lot of food for a decent price .
their fish n chips are sooo good !
( homemade and delicious ) .
their ranch is the best .
everything seems fresh for fried food and not too greasy !
it 's a very casual restaurant .
the fish tacos were excellent !
good ol ' fish & chips .
food was good , not greasy at all .
the deep fried cod , with deep fried okra and hush puppies were excellent .
this place has the best fish tacos !
we love coming here .
there regular fish is just as good .
it cost more money but always worth the higher price .
this place has probably the best tasting cocktail sauce i have ever had .
i 'm so happy with their service !
let me tell you , amazing .
i would recommend them !
good on you phoenix , good on you .
in general , this airport is good .
and thank god for america west getting bought by us airways .
very nice and a bit confusing , not too much but just a bit !
overall it 's a really good airport for a city the size of phoenix .
flights to phoenix itself is great ( i fly united ) .
an airport after my own heart , the news stands sell smart water .
also , i love the moving walk ways .
lastly , thank you for the free wireless .
i was very surprised with the efficiency i encountered at this airport !
thank you phoenix ... .
what a surprise !
but this is an airport in holiday season !
i love sky harbor !
i think it adds some charm .
( _num_ extra stars just for that ! )
it 's always hella hot when you 're traveling from gate to gate !
all and all , good job phoenix .
nice airport .
; you can also do so while enjoying a chocolate frosty .
thank you sky harbor for being the best airport on the west coast .
phx is great !
phoenix sky harbor is incredibly well laid out like phoenix itself .
you have to walk a little further but definitely worth the effort .
offering the free wifi is a huge bonus !
lots of places to eat and cute little shops to browse around in .
its quite fun .
one thing that is nice is that you have free wi-fi here .
the free wi-fi gets it a full five .
very friendly staff and free wifi a plus .
excellent views .
this is one of the best airports i have ever used !
the best part is that is is my home airport .
it is one of the busiest , and biggest airports in the world .
i love , love , love that sky harbor is located in phoenix !
i am a fan !
nice airport .
one of my favorite airports to fly in and out of .
i also appreciate that they at least try to keep the place decently clean .
adequate food vendors with a variety of choices .
best of all , free wi-fi .
this is a great place to have your laptop handy to kill a layover .
clean , roomy , well-organized , with great restaurants .
it 'll be great .
easy to navigate .
airports , in general , really suck .
( that 's my preference ) .
great airport .
one of my favorite airports to travel through .
phoenix sky harbor international airport is a very big airport !
kudos to everyone at phx international for their great work .
i think sky harbor is a great airport .
phx is a nice airport , food choices decent , bathrooms clean .
overall sky harbor is very good at getting people in and out .
i love you sky harbor .
, makes me love this airport .
i frequent many airports , and phx ranks pretty high .
big airport , lots of stores , eats and drinks .
decent choice of eats and no line at security .
i always connect here because i fly us airways from las vegas .
it might look old but it is always clean .
good airport .
clean and well organized with lots of stores and eateries .
easy layout .
security is fast , and organized .
thats a miracle .
always a quick in / quick out airport .
lots of places to shop and eat , and there are multiple starbucks .
signs and directions are large and easy to follow .
the signs are easy to read and easy to understand .
the car rental service is the best .
so convenient and so fast !
it is a great place to meet new people .
although i got bumped off of my flight it was a good time .
its clean and pretty simple to navigate thru .
this place offers free wi-fi , too !
place looked new and clean with lots of eateries and shops available .
very clean airport .
you are so clean , sky harbor .
the flight attendants are nice .
security is fast and thorough .
home sweet home !
well , at the southwest gates , that is .
everyone here is really nice .
i 'm a big fan of this airport .
it 's clean and easy to get around .
the security line can be long , but it moves pretty fast .
sky harbor international airport is the best international airport in arizona .
they have pretty good eateries as well .
i have never waited longer than _num_ minutes and that is pretty amazing .
sky harbor airport has the coolest dog walking area i have ever seen !
i truly hope you enjoy your flight out of phx and back !
i still feel that this is a great airport .
pretty cool !
the scenery is just fantastic seeing all the mountains around you .
great for speed walking before your plane leaves .
many stores and food quality is okay .
out of the airports i fly into this is by far the best .
thanks !
good airport .
a lot of food and stores .
first , if you are picking up family .
very easy !
i love this place !
yay , phoenix , for doing such a great job !
the airport is very clean as well .
there are a lot of options for food .
and it was clean !
plenty of places to eat but this airport is massive !
decent airport .
relatively clean .
southwest is terminals are easy to get to .
i like the free wifi and the restaurant and shop choices are good .
i travel a lot !
always look forward to the next i have to travel on through !
i like this airport , it 's huge .
it has a ton of shopping and good bars .
it 's seriously like a mall !
damn that 's a big ass airport .
fortunately , plenty of moving walkways to get you around .
easy to get dropped off , and easy to pick people up .
it 's always been quick and easy .
airport is generally clean as well .
i love sky harbor .
the staff is friendly .
security is incredibly fast considering sometimes the flow of traffic can be rather substantial .
there 's always employees around to assist and they do so with a smile .
it is a large airport with a lot going on .
excellent , fast and friendly .
i cant believe the size of this airport !
plus there is also a huge variety of food to choose from .
phx , my old friend .
a large photo .
the airport seems to be constantly updating certain areas each time i stop by !
overall i 'm pleasantly satisfied with this airport .
thanks sky harbor .
this airport is massive , but it 's easy to navigate .
the whole rental car shuttle system is brilliant .
brilliant .
i enjoy the free wifi a lot too .
there is a shuttle that goes to the metro that will take your downtown .
i highly recommend it .
overall , great airport !
it 's a nice and clean airport .
dang airport security here is so over the top though .
but it is a clean and nicer airport .
found some super comfy seats to sit in as well while waiting .
best thing about this airport is they offer free wi-fi .
that makes me happy , thank you for doing that .
it 's actually a beautiful airport ... super clean and beautiful artwork all around .
it 's easy to navigate and has excellent food choices .
fresh muffins and lots of healthy sandwiches and salads .
there are also really cute shops and even an art gallery !
clean airport with tons of fantastic veg friendly options for dining !
and , can you believe it ... .
it reminds me of going somewhere fun .
modern and clean facilities and generally decent customer service .
i 'm a fan of the small art gallery in a .
probably my favorite airport to date .
the employees are warm and welcoming .
and , most important of all , it has free wifi !
love our city and airport !
very efficient airport .
it 's always clean .
i was extremely happy to find out they have free wifi !
best airport i 've been to in awhile , and i travel a lot !
great airport of you are here on a layover .
nice airport !
it 's super easy to travel to and from sky harbor international airport .
it really is america 's friendliest airport .
i travel a lot through this airport and i am very happy with it .
baggage claim is consistently fast .
free wi-fi is awesome .
pretty good shops and restaurants inside .
also , free wifi !
i think as far as airports go , sky harbor is pretty great .
eat , drink and be merry my friends !
this airport is very clean and easy to get around .
i did manage to meet good people that helped me get to my location .
the airport has good signage and is easy to navigate through .
it seems to be a very efficiently run operation .
it 's a pleasant airport .
and for this , i thank you , phoenix .
one of the best airport in us .
staffs are very friendly .
sky harbor is clean and efficient with helpful signage as airport signage should be .
good airport .
phoenix has a nice and very large airport with multiple terminals .
you can find lots of amenities at the airport and some decent dining options .
travel well , my friends !
fast , efficient security lines .
they do have a lot of moving walkways though .
but overall , a pretty decent airport .
nice airport , decent amount of shops but could use more variety .
as far as airports go - this one is pretty damn good !
the free wifi rocks here .
check out modern burger , its delish .
good food , easy to travel in and out of .
i enjoy flying out of this airport .
great airport to fly in or out of .
next to that there are a few more restaurants that looked just as good !
easier to get in and out of than the las airport !
airport is nice , but getting here from sedona was not fun .
very nice and organized .
free wi-fi is definitely a plus .
the layout is good , and nothing is confusing .
security moves at a good and steady pace .
pretty good dining options here also .
best airport in the us and i have been to many !
it 's a happy accident that it 's also my home town airport !
the layout was easy to figure out and the tsa agents were pleasant .
i have always been able to clear security within minutes .
surprised at how few food choices there are for an airport of this size .
always enjoyed flying in & out of phx .
nice job sky harbor !
great shopping and food options before passing through tsa .
a much better airport than lax .
thank goodness .
overall pretty good !
one of my favorite airports .
phx is quite nice while i waited for my flight to board .
for asu gear : shop at team sports usa - authentic merchandise .
i have not been to that many , but this is very nice .
i will definitely fly into here when i come to arizona .
easy to navigate this airport .
love it !
lots of great restaurants and bars .
fair selection of food .
always seems pretty clean .
friendly gate agents .
this is a great airport .
easy to navigate and plenty of bars .
and i must say this airport is fun and well done .
the airport has good services and lots of places to eat .
awesome awesome .
great airport !
and free wifi is always a plus .
nice , clean comfortable airport .
my tummy thanks you !
good thing there is plenty of accessible power outlets and free wi-fi .
clean easy to navigate airport .
free wi-fi = win !
some cute local food vendors .
very friendly and efficient .
i love this airport .
i also love the mini versions of local restaurants .
love this airport !
its a great airport to have a layover in .
how can you say anything bad about this airport ?
have a safe travels everyone !
clean and organized .
that said however , this is a pretty decent airport .
this is truly one of the nicer airports .
the staff are friendly & helpful .
going & coming was a good experience .
well i always get so excited everytime i go here .
again friendly tsa agents !
wow .
nice fresh food .
have fun .
facility was nice with easy to access information .
on my top ten us airports list .
i love sky harbor .
good signage and not too jam packed .
there are lots of places to eat , with a good variety .
as far as airports go this one is highly recommended .
for an international airport , these security lines move super quick !
all in all , a great airport .
decent bar selection and quantity too .
makes a good first impression on out-of-town visitors .
great airport .
it 's big and nice .
easy to navigate than many other airports out there !
it has so many great restaurants .
the bathrooms are so clean and it 's just easy to find the gates .
this airport has some great food options .
vegas was fun .
the terminals and parking allow easy access to the airport are excellent .
most importantly the food !
it 's amazing !
yes please .
i 've always been well directed to the appropriate terminal .
cell phone lot is really full ?
: ) enjoy people .
i have traveled a good amount in my life .
for a large airport ... it is great !
big clean international airport , i 'm comparing this to lax .
really nice staff that will help you with your bag .
it 's large and is a really nice and updated facility .
the workers are friendly and seem to enjoy what they do .
the bus system to get to it is efficient though .
fortunately , they have shuttles to take you to and from each .
shocked again , it 's time to board !
i 'm leaving on a jet plane , and still smiling !
clean location but be prepared to do a lot of walking !
they are always overcrowded and i always have to wait .
phoenix sky harbor international airport rocks !
nice airport , easy to get around .
since i travel so often , i 'm thrilled that this is my airport .
i think the airport itself is well designed and ran very well .
always clean , easy , simple , and organized !
i love this airport .
friendly people .
lots of interesting looking places to eat plus a local brewery spot .
clean too !
you can also uber it .
some was under construction for new restaurants , so that looked good .
a was definitely better than b .
i enjoy the free internet and food choices .
there are plenty of restaurants ( good ones ) to choose from .
it 's huge with lots of options for drinks and food .
it 's updated and clean , too .
how amazing is that ?
huge airport with many food and drink locations .
it 's always clean and the airport staff is always friendly .
the good : helpful airport personnel , good restaurants ( esp .
i was pleasantly surprised by how efficient and friendly this airport was !
i love this airport !
security check points are great if staffed properly .
everyone from security to the rental shuttle driver gets a big thumbs up .
a fabulous airport .
they are so helpful and sweet .
the shops are excellent and the people are generally quite nice .
i love love love this airport !
they have really made some great renovations to make this a decent layover stop .
so many great new local joints here .
i travel a lot and this is definitely one of my favorite domestic airports .
matt 's big breakfast !
i actually come early just to eat lol .
happy travels !
the sky train is an easy way to park and get to the airport .
it truly is america 's friendliest airport !
nice airport .
clean , not too big , staff are nice enough .
this place is a piece of cake .
i enjoy the eateries and the shopping .
both gentlemen were very friendly , and accomodating .
thanks phoenix sky harbor , and delta !
my layover here was pretty good !
bathrooms are clean .
it looks nice outside .
america 's friendliest airport and my home town .
they do it right here and are very efficient .
you 'll love the restaurants .
i also think the new humble pie looks amazing .
there are decent shops , restaurants , and places where you can sit comfortably .
friendly , clean , places to kill time and a variety of options .
decent airport !
other than that , it 's fairly clean .
it is clean .
this airport is always easy to navigate through .
lots off good restaurants to choose from .
very efficient & well maintained !
love this airport .
awesome and reasonable !
welcome to phx !
love this airport , very clean and fast security lines .
fantastic airport .
free wifi is nice if you have a long layover .
i usually dont , and have to go from one end to the other .
a free service that drives you on a cart to your gate very sweet !
this is my favorite airport .
each area is clearly marked with clear directions to each area .
this is a pretty large airport .
it is great for viewing the airport and fun to ride .
there 's a ton of different dining options .
there are plenty of signs to navigate you around .
i love this airport .
a lot of open space but many food and stores .
pretty nice airport .
and i love the views of the desert mountains from the terminal .
generally nice airport to fly in and out of .
apart from the walking and the tsa time , the airport is really nice .
very clean and well maintained , lots of amenities inside as well .
i love the shops , cafes , and layout of this airport .
it 's a local coffee chain that has a location in the airport .
_num_ ) it 's clean !
_num_ ) restrooms are abundant and easy to locate .
the airport is easy to get to with plenty of public transportation options .
terminal _num_ is the best !
great airport deco shops and food .
friendly staff , clean and typically pretty quick security lines .
a nice airport that gets you in and out quick .
both my dog and i had a positive experience .
way to go , phoenix !
all were pleasant and helpful to the passengers .
very nice because it is still improving and still building more restaurants there .
you can also get good mexican @ the place next to it .
prices are good on food and drink too .
a _num_ star airport !
thanks guys , i always look forward coming home .
wow , what a difference _num_ years make !
security lined moved quickly and it 's a pretty clean airport .
great airport with free wifi .
dress appropriate especially in the summer !
really great airport , and the upgrades they 've made are wonderful .
there are a number of pretty good places to eat .
phoenix is clean , well taken care of .
airport is very quick and friendly .
also , a nice selection of restaurants and shops .
neat clean friendly and efficient .
good food selections but $ $ $ prices .
the parking is n't bad and the facility is easy to navigate .
they have great cab and shuttle services too .
very efficient , very convenient to get to and to access your flight .
outside of that , i love , love phoenix sky harbor !
hopefully , so will you .
by far the best airport in the country .
this place has a top notch list of non corporate , local favorites !
i am very impressed with phoenix airport .
rated the friendliest airport !
it shows .
security is efficient and there is a good selection of food once inside .
the best most efficient airport .
best airport ever !
tsa actually does their job .
it 's easy to drive to as airports go .
new local restaurants !
the airport is clean and friendly staff are available to help .
very smooth everything else .
thanks for the hard work !
love this airport .
four peaks is obviously the best , but everything is super good .
just kidding , sky harbor really is the greatest and best of all airports .
all other airports can suck it .
very good restaurants inside the airport .
and very good service over all .
favorite airport !
this is a pretty organized airport .
once you understand the general layout of the airport its easy to get around .
yeah !
this one is just the best .
i just love that it is never over crowded .
the airport is small and easy to get through !
good beer .
this airport is huge so make sure you bring your walking shoes !
the parking works .
the cell lot is easy to find .
this airport was awesome to fly into and very easy to fly out of !
good variety of food and good signage .
i always see helpful airport personnel .
i always dread picking up up at night .
it is a major airport and with that it has major crowds .
nice airport in a beautiful city .
its a big airport with lots of different options .
there were many different food options , all of which looked pretty good .
great in and out !
i have been to a few airports but this is well set up .
i travel a lot and this is a great airport .
even the lines at tsa moved quickly .
i love this airport .
it has all the food , entertainment , and outlets you could want .
so many good places to eat !
all of the great restaurants inside are awesome !
the flow of the airport is very seamless and you ca n't get lost .
this is a pretty good airport .
better than most .
nice united club , gates all close .
always a great airport to fly into for a layover .
its the airport , my second home .
most everyone there is friendly and its easy to navigate .
so this place is full of memories for me .
also the carpet ( see photo ) is fun .
nice .
tsa agents are usually pretty friendly .
all in all a good airport to fly into and out of .
clean , friendly , quick tsa process , lots of space , good food .
relatively clean facilities as well .
a pretty decent airport .
it gets you going to where you need to be .
the food was pretty good .
i 'm a fan .
it seems clean and is quite airy actually .
lots of nice and fancy places to eat and dine in at surprisingly !
i love this airport because it is always the start of a wonderful vacation !
what really stood out is all the windows and nice view of the mountains .
as far as a transfer hub , this is pretty nice .
great airport and easy to figure out .
overall great time at this airport .
simple !
overall , it 's a decent airport to fly out to and from .
phx has actually turned into a great airport .
i travel a lot between pleasure and business .
nice clean efficient airport .
this is probably one of my favorite airports that i have traveled through recently .
it 's updated with many power outlets available .
this airport will hold a very special place in my heart always .
overall , good airport .
a nice airport with decent services .
this airport is setup nicely .
it is easy to get in and out of .
i love this airport .
they have great restaurants and coffee shops on the inside of this airport .
very clean on the inside .
super easy airport to get in and out of .
i found everyone extremely helpful too .
... top notch !
clean bathrooms , courteous , timely shuttles , all on point .
it 's easy to get around with a nice layout .
this is my favorite airport to travel through .
most of the time the weather is perfect to fly out , rarely delays .
it 's easy to navigate and fast to have a friend pick you up .
overall , my favorite !
love it .
thanks delta .
they engage in conversation with each person that goes through the gate .
parking and the tram to each terminal is easy to navigate and very timely .
it is so central .
very friendly and fun airport , with a large terminal .
there are many good dining options .
easy airport to get in and out of ... one of the best .
pretty standard airport with decent food options and a solid layout .
it quiet good in regards to airports around the us .
and better than any airports outside us !
as far as airports go , this one is very good .
the airport is clean , well-maintained , and convenient to town .
nice airport with a nice area outside of security .
lots of non chain food inside as well .
as airports go , this is a good one !
this is a large but quick airport with good amenities all around .
the restaurants here are probably my favorite part .
phx is a nice airport .
this airport i love this airport .
restrooms were also clean and centrally located .
by far the best usa airport .
the most helpful courteous and professional staff .
fantastic facilities and very efficient planning and layout .
lax should definitely follow phoenix 's example .
i really like the new sky train .
and there 's decent restaurant options .
this airport has really nice ppl working for them .
the place is really user friendly and the signs are clear .
love sky harbor !
one of my favorite airports .
it has good local restaurants .
when my ride comes to scoop me up it 's effortless and quick .
the employees are great and are a great welcome to the phoenix area .
had a two hour layover here and i was very pleased with the airport .
i also like relatively fast check-in process and the free wi-fi .
i love this airport .
lots of space , entertainment , and a child 's play area !
love the new restaurant and eating options !
keep up the great work , phx !
this airport is very clean and organized .
security is relatively efficient and quick so long as it 's a domestic flight .
restroom is important thing in any airports .
the restroom in here is very clean which i like .
everything is good in here .
great little airport !
the staff throughout the airport is very friendly and helpful .
_num_ ) the beautiful women !
i love how easy it is to navigate .
i always get preferred access which is well worth the extra money .
this is a very nice and well maintained airport .
it 's fairly clean and well maintained .
good , clean airport .
nice airport !
it 's pretty easy to get around .
easiest airport !
pretty easy to navigate and overall , it 's clean .
phx is tiny !
great airport .
lots of good food choices both before and after security .
this really is the nicest airport in the country .
every agent and airport worker had a smile on their face .
this place has some of the most unique restaurant choices .
a few familiar chains but some unique to sky harbor .
sky harbor is a pretty nice airport that gets you through security moderately fast .
smooth travels !
decent and friendly airport .
overall , we always like this airport vibe !
this is a decent and clean airport .
good restaurant choices for an airport .
loved the free wifi and all the electrical plugs !
but i do enjoy the fact that the airport is relatively close to downtown .
tsa was easy here as well .
phx is a huge airport .
lots of dining options , and unique ones which is cool .
easy to use , easy to get to .
well , now you do .
great , great airport and it really feels like a small town one .
sky harbor is one of my favorite airports especially with the recent renovations .
safe travels !
all of the employees are pretty friendly and it is an easily accessible airport .
the addition of the new phx sky train has been amazing !
great airport but very expensive food .
other than that no complaints from me great airport to fly into .
had a connecting flight here and the airport was nice and clean .
efficiently working today .
pretty old looking airport .
but the service of the ground crew is exceptional .
making it easy to go from one gate to another .
well for one charging stations can be a hassle .
i tried the hot spicy cuban sand which , love it !
the baggage claim is easy to find and get your luggage from .
and i agree !
very impressed and a pleasant surprise as i pass through arizona !
happy trails !
huge airport with a ton of friendly staff .
beautiful , clean , big , new airport full of artwork .
terminal _num_ is the best with the most dining options .
i love sky harbor .
easy to navigate and awesome food options throughout the terminals .
clean and modern .
efficient and friendly .
they do customer service right .
very clean and easy to navigate to luggage .
the recent change in restaurants is a+ .
nicely done !
but everything moved fast .
security lines move fast .
well planned and managed .
super super nice .
would highly recommend this airport to anyone with pets !
a nice airport , good wifi , food selection before security is so so .
gets a gold star in my book .
cool decorating , with southwestern theme .
nice airport .
nice views out the windows of the desert .
american airlines is sets the bar in airline travel .
walked right through security without issues .
the fact that mountains are right beside the airport make it even cooler .
big and clean .
good run airport .
the friendly airport is very friendly especially the rental car shuttle drivers .
this is a huge airport .
the phx airport is clean , large in size , and rather efficient .
have for the most part always had an excellent experience here .
this was kind and considerate !
thank you james !
beautiful view of phoenix out of the alaska air gate .
phx also has free cell phone charging stations .
so far so good .
so that 's a good experience .
thumbs up sky harbor .
friendly workers .
easy to navigate .
wow !
thanks scottsdale airport !
love this airport !
bathrooms are kept clean , some healthy food choices , local gifts etc .
sky harbor has always done a great job of being clean !
note : i mostly fly southwest .
nice that the food choices are expanding .
awesome !
helpful tsa , one of the nicer airports in the world !
i would highly recommend this airport .
never a bad experience when flying out of here !
good airport with what it needs to have available .
nice set up .
good choices for food , wifi , and charging stations .
great food additions in the last few years .
now that 's service !
i really enjoy coming here despite the fact that it 's in phoenix .
the mexican pottery was incredible and the prices were terrific .
a great animal shelter that does wonderful work in the valley .
adopted my dog frank and here i volunteer here .
great place !
i volunteer here , and it 's a really amazing facility .
it 's very rewarding to know your helping even if it 's not much .
this place is great .
the staff is so so busy , but always so friendly .
i didnt mind waiting for their reasonable prices and professional staff .
so happy this place is around .
besides that it 's an amazing place .
i found my best friend here !
the staff were wonderful , patient and truly care for these animals .
the staff was awesome and they loved vinny !
this is an amazing organization .
they were amazing during the entire thing .
thank you so much .
it 's hard to put into words how amazing the programs are !
they have gained animal knowledge , confidence & amazing friends !
thank you !
the staff here has been incredible , welcoming , friendly and very informative .
sky harbor parking to the rescue .
the ride was smooth and direct .
im a chick who is all about convenience !
yikes !
fast , quick and easy .
ok , ok ... .
it also shows that my business is valued and i truly appreciate that .
simple and easy to use .
i park with these guys all the time .
great company !
friendly , reliable staff & great prices !
i 've parked here on three separate trips .
these guys are great .
they are friendly , always help with your bags and super efficient .
highly recommended !
i love blue sky !
great service !
very prompt service .
drivers were friendly and helpful .
very good experience .
main reason is that we are great at running late .
they have made accommodations for us in the past and communicate well .
another excellent experience with sky harbor airport parking , glenn was the best .
good place , good all around employees .
great savings , close to the airport .
friendly savings .
our drivers were courteous and professional and handled our bags with great care .
our return shuttle driver , tim , was exceedingly nice .
professional service .
i strongly recommend signing up for their loyalty program !
easy access off the _num_ , quick ride to the terminal .
quick in and out to and from the airport , recommend !
the service is good .
great service .
definitely will use again !
most drivers i have dealt with are nice and professional .
shuttles are clean and comfortable for the quick ride .
i travel a lot for work , so use sky harbor airport parking often !
great experience and i have no complaints or concerns .
i will definitely park here again !
these guys are great .
labor rates are extremely fair .
fantastic guys !
very honest and nobody does better work .
all around everyone is helpful and friendly .
obviously they know that happy customers will keep coming back .
thanks guys !
these guys did a great job .
this is a very clean , nice hotel !
easy check-in !
good water pressure in the shower ... .
hotel was absolutely accommodating .
beautiful pool , clean rooms and the roadhouse restaurant attached is a nice bonus .
completely happy with my stay here !
great place for travelers to stay .
it 's very close to airport and the hotel is clean and smells good .
so it 's much quiet .
the restaurant in the hotel looks really nice and food are great too .
best western hotels is our hotel of choice .
clean !
this place is wonderful .
i 'm very happy with this room .
i called the best western inn and she was very polite and professional .
the lobby was decorated nice and updated .
great amenities very good service .
yum , can you say great steak ?
great place to bring clients .
service was excellent and sincere .
food was delicious .
the decor is classic .
awesome steaks .
the prime rib is one of the best in town .
fantastic restaurant !
excellent atmosphere ... less casual than dressy but not entirely dressy .
excellent place to hold dinner conversation as it 's not noisy .
excellent menu choices .
the made a great filet for me .
even the baseball sirloin looks good .
my associates both had the prime rib sandwich and loved it .
my hotel staff recommended this place , and i am glad they did !
his recommendation on the ny strip steaks was right on .
excellent service .
the antique bar and the history of the place is nifty too .
this is an upscale steakhouse for special occasions , so dress up .
this was a great experience .
had drinks at the bar then moved to the dining room for dinner .
fantastic service all the way around .
well worth the cost .
pleasant greeting at the door , comfortable seating for me and my guest .
great menu selections , good food presentation and unobtrusive high class service .
great happy hour .
the best steak i have eaten in the us .
the cheesecake was very yummy as well .
excellent prime rib !
the restaurant while very good is spendy .
one of my favorite places in a town full of chain restaurants .
absolutely one of my favorite lunches in town .
great old west decor .
all staff was very friendly and timely with order .
nice presentation and the orange balsamic on the salad before it was yummy !
wild game platter ?
sign me up !
i liked the atmosphere here ... it was cozy .
i 'd definitely visit this place again when i 'm in town .
i had a great meal here last night .
this place is an upscale old style western steakhouse .
big leather booths , great ambiance .
excellent attentive service .
well lit dining area .
really enjoyed my experience here .
food is really good .
filet mignon medium rare is cooked perfectly .
service is outstanding .
check the hours before you make a visit !
i ordered the new york strip as medium rare .
it came out to perfection .
it 's still a top experience just not the best .
all the history in the restaurant is pretty cool .
the waiter was fantastic - great sense of humor and attentive without being overbearing .
the lunch menu had a lot of interesting items .
the shave ribeye & cheddar was amazing .
dinner for two was excellent as well .
i love the name of this restaurant !
the biscuits are amazing , and i highly recommend the filet .
definitely recommended .
this is a top notch place to eat .
great bar for a filet mignon .
however , our visit was great from the moment i made the reservation .
good steaks and attentive service .
worth the price !
the service was great .
the food was good .
this restaurant is amazing the food is phenomenal always taste great .
great place for date night with the right atmosphere and wine selection .
waitress was super friendly and the food was great .
amazing !
so tender and juicy .
great meat but a little pricey for what we got !
great old school resturant !
the steak was made good by their sauces .
their wine selection was good and the waiter new a lot .
amazing service and a romantic atmosphere .
i thought the prime rib was a little dry but still tender and tasty .
want a piece of the best prime rib in the valley ?
well worth the drive we make from san tan valley , az .
enjoyed the discounted drinks specials and the complimentary sliders .
great phoenix landmark and a great way to spend a happy hour .
a little on the expensive side but wow !
best steak i 've ever had .
waiting staff are excellent !
the decor is pretty damn cool .
in a city is relatively young , it has a sense of history .
love it !
excellent prime rib , attentive service .
excellent food excellent service .
great basic meat and potatoes dishes .
food tasted great the warm bread and flavored butter , superb .
it is very good i will come again .
great food !
my new fav steak joint !
the food was good and the staff attentive .
prime rib and filet cooked just right .
the best beef i 've had out in the valley .
the wait staff is courteous and efficient .
it is also a fav for starting girls night out !
great food !
went out and enjoyed ourselves .
expensive and worth it !
phenomenal service .
john our server was excellent .
it was well worth the money once .
had a great meal here and had great service .
it is a little pricey but well worth it , in my opinion .
wonderful food , laid back , not overly pricey for a really good meal .
can get busy so reservations are a good idea .
ribeye was delicious .
the atmosphere was great and the food was amazing .
the parmesan potato stack was a great side , very flavorful .
they have four peaks root beer on tap and it is amazing .
the service is very good , professional .
great food .
the salad was excellent .
all in all a fine dining experience .
it was delicious .
our waitress , alice , was exceptional .
love the history , service , and of course the food at this place !
fish options are also good and one of our party enjoyed the chicken .
also fun choices in salads .
an absolutely outstanding restaurant from start to finish .
excellent prime rib .
she knows everything from start to finish .
michelle is taking good care of me in the bar area .
great spot .
my ribeye was cooked as ordered , seasoned and flavorful .
service was great .
our server was helpful with the menu , professional and just chatty enough .
share a pecan pie and coffee for desert .
both cuts of beef were tender and prepared perfectly .
first of all there 's a great staff working in this place .
with free sliders and well poured drinks , it 's a nice hangout .
good hometown place .
food was good and atmosphere is vintage fort worth in the _num_ 's .
wonderful pinot noir .
all steaks are great !
service is pretty good , very friendly staff .
it 's a great experience for us .
their steaks are great !
its a bit on the pricey side , but completely worth it !
they 're seasoned a cooked to perfection !
i wish i remembered our waiter 's name , but he was phenomenal !
i would definitely recommend this steakhouse to anyone !
classic and comfortable steakhouse with a great atmosphere .
( cool label too ) .
it is so moist and flavorful .
arizona 's class act steak house for so many years running .
have i had better , yes , but it was still good .
this place is amazing !
came here with some people from work .
i got a filet medium rare and it was cook perfectly !
it was awesome !
the appetizer with shrimp , crab and lobster was excellent !
steaks were perfect .
definitely will return .
this is by far the best restaurant i 've ever been to .
absolutely fantastic !
amazing !
the decor is very appropriate and inviting .
definately an excellent experience overall .
not only was the food amazing , the service was great too .
great food , great atmosphere !
very good .
two great experiences .
both with exceptional service and excellent steak .
very expensive , but well worth it .
our waitress really knew her stuff .
this restaurant has a very cool older vibe .
cool back room with the bar .
they brought out biscuits & veggies for the table , all were good !
i got the ribeye & it was delicious !
the side salad was very tasty !
best steak i 've had for awhile .
both were good , but i liked the creme brle better !
excellent from top to bottom .
the food was cooked perfectly .
food was excellent , hot and fresh .
onion rings were excellent .
highly recommend !
for appetizers we got onion rings and shrimp cocktail .
excellent .
everyone loved everything served and was a great dinner .
highly recommend .
great meal at a reasonable price .
best service we have had on this trip .
the kids meals are great .
steak excellent .
i sat in the bar and completely enjoyed myself .
steak soup was tasty .
then a salad and a perfectly cooked filet mignon .
whiskey peppercorn sauce on the side was a nice addition .
this place has a reputation to live up to , and did it ever .
stellar food , and excellent service .
amazing setting , one of the most beautiful bar areas i have ever seen .
as well they have the best prime rib i have ever had .
what a great place it is , everything our group had was excellent .
great food , environment and great service .
excellent grilled prime rib done perfectly .
superior service , great sauted spinach .
all in all great experience .
undoubtedly the best steak in az and best chowder .
our server , dan hill , was the best !
hands down best waiter ever !
awesome experience , and i will call it that .
i had the special , a mix grill , and it was fantastic .
chris p. and the chef served a wonderful buffalo meatloaf .
the steak soup was delicious .
the buffalo chili is savory .
the atmosphere is elegant .
i highly recommend this place .
it is one of the best steakhouses around .
it atmosphere is a bit upscale .
but a tourist or regular is comfortable in jeans and a nice shirt .
the food is excellent and the steak is so very tender .
enjoy a drink and a great dinner .
it 's right next to the airports ' hotels and phoenix tram .
tip them if they 're good !
great customer service !
just tried this for parking at airport and loved it .
staff is efficient and very helpful .
francisco was a great driver - very courteous .
will definitely be using in future .
will recommend them fully .
thanks for the great work .
they really are true to their name .
they showed up promptly and did the job fast for a good price .
i would definitely use the service again !
the drivers have been nice and helpful with my luggage .
def exceeded my expectation !
always use this service to and from the airport at phx .
great on time service and the drivers are always friendly .
it 's double the price , but oh so worth it .
i 'm always extremely impressed by how impeccable their timing is .
i 'll continue to use their services for many years to come .
return to a company .
loved this place.
this is definitely one of the best clubs in the country !
great energy all around , friendly staff , friendly girls , fun atmosphere .
the best club year over year !
very nice company .
love this place !
sunday night is the best night , in my opinion .
we ended up having the best time !
the girl serving our drinks was very attentive and sweet .
it was a great club for couples .
had a great time here .
it 's one of the prettiest clubs i have been to in a while .
lighting is amazing .
girls are friendly and most are attractive as well .
management is great and very willing to accommodate .
they have a great food menu as well .
she was up front about it so it was cool .
i enjoyed her company , place was clean , no hassle .
if you tip you will be treated nice .
nice club with great prices and friendly girls !
the food is so fresh .
we always take our clients here .
jenny is easy on the eyes .
i frequent this place for lunch and happy hour with the coworkers .
so far the food is great , especially the chicken chilean .
but the service in the bar is great .
always smiling and ready to take care of you .
the service was great , fast and friendly .
this was great !
the food was tasty and came out super fast .
nice start to my monday morning !
the prices are fantastic , especially at happy hour .
the staff are typically very attentive and always have a great attitude .
first time here and it was a good experience .
this place is good and i will be going back .
we stayed at the best western where this place is located .
the staff was friendly and provided good service .
the burgers were good .
bacon added extra .
service was great too .
great service ... formerly known as handicapped vehicle specialists .
the repairs are timely and the quotes are fair and reasonable .
we continue to make the trip here because of our confidence in john .
good for a long flight home !
i use to enjoy the chicken delight , now i order the carne asada .
the service is always great .
the guacamole is good contrary to previous posts .
good choice to satisfy your hunger .
this is place is good and very affordable !
thanks alaska for making it more affordable .
very friendly on air staff and both flights landed early !
that 's the best !
the reps on the phone were extremely helpful , accommodating , and nice .
the seattle airport was the same good experience .
we really appreciated their care towards our pets .
really enjoyed my flight experience .
definitely worth trying if you 've never flown them before .
i 'm a fan !
all i can say wow !
had a wonderful flight home back to seattle from phoenix .
thank you !
it 's new and comfortable .
the building is easy to navigate .
it 's a dirty rental garage but upstairs is nice .
great selection .
i was pleasantly surprised !
their van was was super clean , and drove great !
awesome awesome , thank you !
the staff was extremely friendly , knowledgeable and easy to work with .
excellent company , van and service !
van was very clean , well maintained and the tires were in great shape .
everyone and everything fit comfortably .
every company member we encountered was professional , friendly and accommodating .
we will definitely recommend and use this rental company again .
the staff was super nice and the van was new and in great condition .
this place is awesome .
very happy with my experience !
this rental company was great !
the owners and their lead tech paul are honest great people .
that is rare in the legal profession these days .
he was fair , open and willing to help .
this firm is extremely professional and honest .
by far the best pulled pork bbq in the area .
mashed potatoes are deliciously homemade .
i feel blessed to have gotten to experience my education with them !
this program is well thought out and all the teachers are great guys .
great fun for an afternoons entertainment with a group of friends .
this place is best on grand prix night they open the whole track !
fast cars .
lots of fun and the staff was awesome in accommodating our group .
highly recommended !
i had a blast !
loved it and i did n't think i would .
however , this place is fun !
definitely , a very fun experience !
it 's always fun , octane .
a great , fun place for an evening or afternoon of quick excitement !
what a blast !
this is the most fun i 've had in a long while .
i highly recommended this place .
great friendly service and a super fun time .
place is clean and the people working there seem to enjoy it .
this place is awesome , the track was so much fun to race .
they have three different tracks and there 's super nice .
lots of fun .
ok , this place is way cool !
seem like a cool place to hangout .
it was a lot of fun and the employees treat you well .
they have drinks and a bar which is nice .
overall this is a fun place for adults to blow off some steam .
i will definitely be going back soon for my next race around the track .
i love this place !
i absolutely loved this place .
fast and good handling .
fun fun fun .
nice facility clean and fast go carts .
nice location and very spacious .
turns out , pretty dang fast .
and the beer prices are pretty good too .
keep up the good work ya 'll .
octane has a decent sized track with helpful workers and keep the experience fun .
good place , wo n't come back if i have to pay full price .
good service , friendly staff .
what a great time we had with family and friends !
a little pricey , but so much fun .
outstanding fun !
fast cars and very competitive .
really enjoyed it .
awesome !
had such a great time .
this place is a blast !
you can bring the family or co-workers here .
the best part ?
victoria is the greatest .
must give it a shot .
great place for young kids _num_ and up .
the place is very clean .
so much better with the electric cars rather than the gas ones .
gets up and goes !
had a great time for our first indoor cart experience .
treated our key personal for some fun .
highly recommend booking a group package to get all the extra goodies .
best time ever !
lots of fun !
super safe , friendly staff , and drinks available !
highly recommend this place and will go again !
overall , fun and awesome !
that ashley girl at the front desk is so helpful .
they explained well and i really enjoyed .
super fast carts and good guys running it .
i was very happy with our experience .
one of the favorites go cart places .
octane racing is pricey but it 's well worth the money .
i highly recommend it to anyone .
facility was clean and well maintained .
we ordered food and it was good .
all and all i would definitely recommend for a great time !
had a great corporate event at octane today .
first class set up and everyone enjoyed the event , food and racing .
love love love this place .
staff is friendly & helpful .
the food is great .
the kids had a blast racing but really loved the bowling .
outside seating area is great too .
everything is very clean & top of the line .
this place was amazing !
we went on a friday and checking was super easy .
these things can really move !
they have a bar and they have food as well .
will definitely come back more often !
this place is also great for corporate events or family fun .
i highly recommend this place to anyone !
i was surprised to find a nice fish fry here in phx .
an east coast favorite was well seasoned and yummy .
and sweet potato pie !
nice seating booths .
nice variety of fried foods .
hours are great for us late eaters .
if you truly love fish this is the spot .
my catfish was amazing !
almost everything there is fresh and homemade .
i 'll definitely be returning and bringing friends with me next time !
at first bite i was surprised at how great it was .
fantastic , the philly cheese steak sandwich reminded me of days long gone !
: ( the rest of the order was great .
this place is very deceptive .
flavorful and great value .
definitely will be back .
each piece of fish is perfectly crisp and fried .
next time i 'm going for the slaw and sweet potato side .
crispy , hot and delicious .
they have perfectly cooked sweet potatoes pie to satisfy that sweet tooth .
outstanding catfish and shrimp .
# _num_ you need a signature sauce .
the fried okra is tasty .
the hush puppies are a lil done but still taste good .
the cole slaw is good .
cant way to try the sweet potato pie !
it taste a good as it looks .
i discovered that i love thicker pieces of fish with a selection of cod .
staff are well mannered , down to earth , and calming .
delicious food.
me and my family had dinner here and we were not disappointed !
if you want good food and great service , this is the place .
i have tried all except the bass and thought all were very good .
i especially liked how they used just the right amount of batter .
great spot for fish .
extremely fast delivery , good food for your money .
best chicken nuggets i 've ever had .
i love this place good good !
it 's not that hot but absolutely has kick to it.
hidden gem !
really nice people .
they helped us with a repair and were very fair on price .
if you are looking for office furniture this is a great place to check .
it 's tucked away and you need help finding it .
wayne at jerry 's is awesome .
thanks again for making my day !
... and your prices , are you serious !
delivery was on-time , courteous crew , and very professional install .
how i love you waffle house ... .
almost as good as the airport !
service here is great ; fast , efficient , and no-nonsense .
waffle houses are bomb but this one is my favorite .
not only is it _num_ hours but it is super clean and well lit .
go now , do it .
how good does a waffle sound right now anyways ?
that 's right , pretty damn good .
late night great food as always .
great service !
great breakfast food !
the hashbrowns are awesome !
i love their omelettes and hashbrowns !
the price is just right !
as always , the coffee was hot , delicious & fresh .
thanks , waffle house !
great service , friendly staff .
hash browns were tasty and kids loved the waffles .
coffee was good .
very satisfied for what it is .
i 'll bet you 'll leave happy too !
is the food good ?
our waitress bent over backwards , always checking on us .
the food is tasty and fast .
i love it !
the best auto speed shop here in the valley .
i also got a great price .
thanks tom !
thanks guys !
these guys are great .
very helpful and accommodating .
well what are you waiting for ?
go see dave , he 's amazing and i will never go anywhere else .
friendly , knowledgeable and reliable staff .
very honest and helpful .
my son has a honda and dave works on that too .
thanks .
great place !
very comfortable bed , perfect amenities for a quick business trip .
great room !
staff was great !
we stayed here for four nights .
breakfast spread exceeded my expectations !
would recommend staying here !
a good place for the money .
for the price , i think it 's worth it .
our room was very clean and comfortable .
we will defiantly stay here again .
i love the royal radiator , great service !
also the receptionist lady is super nice and very good looking may i add .
the food is fresh and the staff is friendly .
this is a perfect spot to grab a quick lunch .
this place is great !
take advantage of it if you are nearby !
i still highly recommend this place !
i also love the fact that they customize my order to what i want .
i highly recommend luv a sub to everyone !
fantastic sub !
i recommend # _num_ sub !
the bread is perfectly soft and everything is fresh !
excellent sub shop w mom and pop feel and food that tastes like food !
they have a daily changing soups which taste homemade fresh .
prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food .
i have never received such great service .
absolutely love this spa .
great service and friendly costumer service .
pueblo grande was why .
enjoy .
very educational both inside and out .
cute museum .
patrick b. asked and answered a great question ... .
yelp help was great !
oh , the place looks really nice !
good addition to this metro city and the cultural life .
great pottery , docents and views make this museum a lovely place .
great , informative afternoon !
so worth a visit !
history is always with us .
check the website for opening times , as they vary with the season .
however , i liked it a lot .
yeah , they have that already .
so i guess it is a really great place , after all !
they were drawn by water and did quite well for a long time .
really makes you think !
it 's also family friendly and has a good conference center .
it 's something you ca n't experience from a book .
i like the sandwiches , that come with a decent amount of meat .
the soups are pretty good .
whoever thought of putting them in that terminal is genius !
thank you !
good eats .
service was very friendly .
not a great way to end an otherwise very satisfying airport meal .
also they have the best fresh baked cookies in town !
just as good as specialty 's !
and not sooo sweet !
nice place to get a quick and healthy meal !
the paradise club is amazing !
the sandwich was super delicious with the beef and sweet mayonnaise sauce .
order the tomato soup because it was the best thing i had all day .
the smoothies have me hooked !
the cookies on the other hand completely make up for it .
pretty good food for an airport cafe .
the bagel was toasted perfectly .
staff were very friendly and courteous .
great sandwiches and cookies .
best recommendation from someone i met on a flight .
this is the best paradise for service and consistent food quality .
i recommend trying out any of their salads .
great sandwiches and cookies .
reasonably priced as well .
light yet satisfying at a reasonable price at the airport .
the service was very friendly and helpful .
the ciabatta bread was crisp and buttery !
sandwiches are awesome and so are the salads .
and the cookies , ohh the cookies ... delicious .
pretty decent .
great deal too -- under _num_ !
loving breakfast desert !
the service was friendly and the food was fresh .
the chipotle chicken panini was delicious and large .
definitely recommend .
i just got coffee , water and a zucchini nut muffin .
seriously good food , especially for airport food .
tasted great and so much healthier than typical airport fast food .
i 'm very impressed and appreciative .
this place is awesome .
press grilled grain bread , good ingredients and tasted awesome .
awesome .
these guys had great customer service they came in and got right to work .
the guys that came to do them were super nice !
thank you all pro ac for coming to the rescue .
dave has been nothing but extraordinary .
thanks for the quick and timely service .
such a sweet man and felt like an old family friend .
honest , trustworthy and great pricing .
dave and his team got it hands down .
they worked quickly , did a great job , and cleaned up after themselves .
this is customer service at its finest .
thank you all pro ac for making this affordable and easy .
what nice guys .
the push was not too hard and i liked the dealership a lot .
it is worth the drive .
i love this dealership !
every time we come in , they are fast and friendly .
those two are great !
he and his manager made the transaction easy to understand and fair .
thanks .
my son is in the army and taking it to germany .
thanks , darren , and well done !
i recommend their body shop .
now - that 's excellent service !
he 's very nice too !
bring your car to him if you need anything !
my experience with anthony and harley at bell ford was beyond amazing .
they were both super sweet and honest about my trade in and purchase .
thanks again guys !
checked yelp to see who gets the best review .
i was so happy to do business with bell ford .
they were patient with me and made sure i found the perfect vehicle .
they made me feel so at home .
i enjoyed every second of being there .
i highly recommend going to bell ford for your car needs .
the best car buying experience i 've ever had .
they were so friendly and personable and made it fun to buy a car !
this place is hilarious !
nicest track in the area .
the clubhouse area is clean and comfortable .
this is a great place to spend a few hours .
great time .
cool place .
hopefully they bring em back next year .
spent a very enjoyable afternoon in the clubhouse .
fantastic view of track , great prices on food and drinks .
the reception person , brittany , was so sweet and accommodating .
take the time to go here and have some fun .
the drink service is good , but naturally slow bc the place is packed !
_num_ years in a row our group has won best dressed !
we went to turf paradise and it was a lot of fun .
it was a beautiful day and enjoyed taking the kids to the playground .
that was great .
the food was fine nothing extra special but good .
turf paradise is a fun place for everyone .
the club house has really good food and its casual dining .
we always have a good time when we go .
visited here for a work outing .
pretty fun , definitely old and could use some work .
the races were exciting and made the visit so much fun .
great outing altogether and a wonderful value .
it was a great day and a fun time .
fun time they charge for everything but worth it .
it 's not the nicest track but it 's always a joy .
have used this business in tucson and am happy with their service .
don does great work !
don and his team did a great job with our project !
i highly recommend that you give them a call and ask for a quote .
easy to schedule and appointment .
friendly and knowledgeable service .
highly recommend !
matt was helpful and honest .
fabulous !
you guys put in touch with a great company .
consummate professionals .
house is nice and cool now -- everything is great .
great company with excellent service .
highly recommended .
a+++ will recommend highly to all of my friends and family !
these guys are the greatest !
brian checked with the manufacturer to make certain that the replacement part was correct .
thanks guys .
highly recommend !
this is the best ac business i 've dealt with anywhere .
reliable , polite , professional , honest , and competent .
highly recommended !
she was very kind and helpful .
tech ( tom ) arrived on time and was very good .
he seemed very straight forward and honest .
something tells me that mouse wo n't be too lucky next time !
this business is the best .
very thankful on a holiday weekend !
very reasonable rates for a sunday of a holiday weekend .
thank you !
cool ac again .
got ta keep up on those season maintenance to keep my outside units clean !
highly recomend !
they were extremely professional and helpful .
i am very pleased with the work they did for us .
he was extremely helpful and professional .
the installers ( ernesto and rick ) were very professional and fast !
would definitely recommend them !
thank you for your continuing service and dedication to the warranty .
i would highly recommend them to all customers .
thanks for the outstanding service !
another great experience !
well since the las great experience i just had another .
the tech , ken , sure knows his business .
great personality as well .
great company ; have used them for several years .
on top of the professional service they also ended up with the most affordable .
works for me !
best dentist office ever .
caring , compassionate , understanding and gentle .
once you find a good dentist you should stick with them .
this is one to stick with !
good fun and games .
and they are pretty fun .
we had a great time this sunday .
all the rides were fun , clean and seemed well maintained .
the staff was generally all pretty cool .
fun !
it 's like a really nice carnival with more rides and games !
my friends and i like to come here for the old school arcade games .
they have a huge selection of games on two levels .
fun little rides for some entertainment that bring us back to our childhood .
i like this place because i live by it !
mini golf is so cute here !
great fun .
i love it .
great fun & totally surprised .
great family fun !
i decided to try out their silver admission cuz they had a check-in offer .
omg so much fun !
the staff was great and the lines were n't long at all .
needless to say we had a great time !
the employees were all super nice too ... and very outgoing .
keep up with the times peeps !
anyways , the point is , it has everything you need .
good time for the family .
love this place !
very awesome place !
the arcade is absolutely great !
fun place and plenty to do .
golf was fun and we had a blast .
overall perfect for a date night or a night out with the family .
good family fun at a reasonable price .
worth going a few times a year for sure !
there 's a good mixed selection of classics & modern arcade machines here .
i thought the park was very clean and the staff was very friendly .
we had a very fun family day celebrating my sons birthday .
it was great !
all of our kids had a good time and the rides were great .
every single staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful .
so much fun !
we are excited to head here for a date night again soon !
i was so pleasantly surprised , the park is so clean and well maintained !
the staff are great , and prices are reasonable .
such a fun place to spend a cool afternoon with your kids .
good times .
this is a good place to go for the money .
it 's affordable and you can spend all day there .
i have gone a few times and love it .
spent the day there with my wife and kids .
had to tear the kids away .
the arcade is nice but the games are expensive .
many more we rode .
always a fun time !
keep up the great work castle and coasters .
mike taylor you are an awesome soul !
great miniature golf .
one of the best i 've ever played on .
super fun for the adults while the kids ride the rides .
they had fun .
great time !
arcade had good games that were new .
everyone had fun .
wow.
this place is awesome .
i was blown away by the staff and nice and fun they were .
we had such a fun time .
this place was absolutely the best golf course we have ever played on .
it was very well thought out and very clean .
we will certainly be back ... .
well i think i just started you one !
so much fun and everything was clean and maintained .
the staff was all upbeat which of course is a huge plus .
for what it is , its amazing .
silver , unlimited rides and mini .
we had a great time .
miniature golf here is fun .
best mini golf i 've ever done !
it was decorated very nicely as well .
fun for the whole family , for kids , or as a date !
this place is so much fun .
perfect family outing .
great place to take groups and kids !
the park is nicely laid out with rides for both younger and older kids .
good was decent but reasonably priced .
overall , it was a great day and the family had a fabulous time .
it was amazing !
the price was great for seven hours of roller coasters and rides !
me and my family really enjoyed this place.
the food was priced well as it can be for a amusement park .
tasted great it was a very clean park .
i arrived a little early for my repair appointment .
super nice .
super knowledgeable .
super experience .
came to the house to do a chip repair .
nice job .
i had a fantastic experience with these guys .
they are fast and friendly , customer service is top rated !
technicians are professional and friendly .
they even vacuumed my truck !
great job overall and done perfect .
excellent service & very accommodating while at work .
great work & attitude !
excellent service & very accommodating while at work .
great work & attitude !
justin is a great pleasure to talk to !
great work justin !
very positive experience .
he communicated with me the entire time and was professional .
brian came over to fix a crack in my windshield and he was great .
joe is great to work with .
i highly recommend them for all your window covering needs !
they are very affordable and the instructors pay great attention to each student .
drivers were courteous and professional .
the driver `` ace '' was very polite , pleasant and professional .
domino 's pizza has improved immensely over the years .
great pizza , price is good ( use the coupons online !
very good food .
so good !
i will definitely come by for lunch .
great food at a great price !
a good fajita with awesome tortillas is all that 's needed to please me .
i would highly recommend coming here for lunch .
it 's priced well and made fresh .
even better when you have a cute date .
some of the best mexican food in the valley !
staff is friendly .
family owned vibe .
great prices .
i was always greeted in a friendly and professional manner .
this location definitely deserves recognition .
best customer service !
she took each call with a smile and a no problem attitude .
this was exceptional service that i really appreciated .
the staff is extremely friendly and is quick to reply to emails and calls .
i just love classic party rentals .
i 'll never trust another rental company !
overall would recommend and use again .
rachel and jessica handled most of our order and were fantastic !
thank you classic party rentals !
they always do a great job .
always beautiful work , reasonable prices , great customer service .
and they always deliver on time .
i will continue to do business with them .
by the way , they have moved .
i 'm telling you - it has all been really amazing .
staff are friendly and the place is clean !
friendly fast and educational .
great company , they have many years of experience and do solid work .
most awesome used bike shop ever .
love this place .
eric is a great guy .
he is helpful and knowledgeable .
its a store also so they have alot of brand new items .
what great service , i do n't know of any companies that do that .
i would highly recommend them .
i was very impressed with the store .
they looked so real .
oh , and the best part ... .
i had to use two hand to hold it .
very very good .
i had the brisket my first time and it was pretty good .
not the best , but pretty good .
having said that , their potato salad is great .
it 's good .
i 'll hit this place up again when passing through .
i have to imagine the catfish is great too .
i 'll tell you exactly what this place is .
its a good place to eat without breaking the bank .
wow !
great prices and the food is damn good .
had the country burger and fries with a lemonade sweet tea .
just great .
i will be back !
it 's that good !
excellent service and the peach cobbler is incredible !
this cobbler has the right amount of everything especially crust .
i also purchased a rib sandwich with extra bbq sauce and they over delivered .
thanks jim !
my project came out beautiful .
the bakery is fantastic but so is their food .
please go there and help support a great local restaurant and bakery .
also good for a hearty breakfast burrito .
what a pleasant surprise .
nice place for breakfast .
good machaca w eggs .
friendly , clean .
did n't try pastries but looked good .
its great and on our regular rotation of places to eat .
the ladies at the counter are always nice and the food is always great .
the best i 've had in central phoenix and we tried most of em .
i stopped in for the first time last week and had a great lunch !
it 's very inexpensive .
good !
great food with great prices .
very fast service and hot sauce is wonderful .
the most authentic and good mexican food i have eaten north of the border !
even better than carolina 's !
i love that there is some authentic mexican food close to downtown !
i just found this place and decided to give it a try .
it was really good !
quaint place close to downtown .
the food was indeed delicious !
love this cute little local place !
you have to know about it to go , but damn is it good !
huge portions , cheap , and good chips and salsa , i 'm in !
love the hole-in-the-wall vibe and the staff is really friendly .
viva azteca !
love this place .
legitimate homemade style food that satisfies .
great sauces .
if you 're around you should definitely try it .
very authentic and they cook their own pan ( sweet bread ) as well .
i also love their soups well actually i love everything they cook !
breakfast burritos are good , fresh tortilla and ingredients .
very good .
friendly service and great prices .
you can even get fresh tortillas packaged up to take home .
the food and soda were good and so was the service .
_num_ % amazing .
i ca n't even begin to tell you how good they were .
staff is great and the food is authentic .
this place is incredible .
the atmosphere and staff are so authentic .
there green chili and homemade tortillas are the best we 've ever experienced .
all the food is fresh and very tasty .
the staff is so authentic and genuine in their care and service .
the decor ' is quite comfortable .
we love you becky and staff .
the best beans and green chili ever !
best green chile and hot to boot .
only the best !
food was good .
we will revisit and recommend to our friends and family .
the carnitas burrito was very delicious .
this place is sooooo fantastic !
i like going early in the morning when they first open !
their empanadas are fresh and fantastic !
was looking for mexican breakfast and found this little gem .
my gf ordered chorizo with eggs also good .
everything was freshly made .
i had a great breakfast on the fly here .
the young lady at the counter was very helpful and nice as well .
i recommend this place .
crazy affordable and crazy delicious !
so fresh !
got ta take this opportunity to thank nick a .
super nice people , all a good chat .
experienced techs , quick service , great customer service .
the tech who serviced my vehicle , pedro , is amazing .
he was extremely professional , attentive , and kept me completely at ease .
awesome job .
keep pedro , and you keep this customer .
so happy i came to this location !
everyone was really knowledgable and had great customer service .
special thank you to tony , he 's super helpful and funny !
every employee at this firestone is great .
we will continue to take our business to this location !
a lot of great memories there .
i can barely finish the second piece of fish but this sauce is amazing .
food is outstanding !
i remember loving the sauce .
well i had to stop and the food was better than i remember !
this place is awesome .
the best fish and chips i have ever had .
very impressive !
i love my water conditioner from this company !
but i 'm sure glad they came to my house !
also the drinking water tastes great !
hands-down one of the best dishes i 've ever had .
so happy to have found a local place for mariscos .
best ceviche i 've ever had .
how nice !
i will definitely be visiting again .
very fresh !
my boyfriend was also very happy with his dish which was the filet relleno .
the atmosphere was fun with the painted sea walls ... .
otherwise the food was a step above the average mexican restaurant !
great service , good prices .
they check everything so that is always a plus .
the spot to be !
it also has an outdoor patio with a dj area and dance floor .
fresh food is important to me i am extremely picky !
my chicken was fresh hot and juicy !
just grab the amazing food and go !
excellent unique food .
these are the best wings i have ever had !
crunchy , full of flavor , and really big pieces .
the brown bags keep the wings nice and hot , and keep the scent .
overall i thought the food was excellent .
a generous portion , and a price you ca n't beat .
so you have to take it to go .
still worth it .
great price for the amount of food that you get .
the food is fresh and not as generic as a big chain chinese place .
i highly recommend at least trying it for a quick pick me up .
great chinese , though !
great food for a decent price !
their garlic chicken wings are superb .
it 's hard finding decent chinese food in phoenix .
best fried chicken wings i 've ever had !
delicious !
the food is amazing !
they 're always pretty busy but worth it .
the presentation is not the best but the food is good .
the shrimp egg foo young is delicious .
this is a local ( hood ) favorite .
the chinese food is great .
very helpful and professional .
great diversity of plants and they have christmas trees this time of year .
will be back there next year !
steven took us around and gave us excellent service !
professional , courteous , and knowledge made this a great experience .
a hidden gem in the south mountain region .
just went there for the first time and wow i am in love .
wonderful service and selection .
the nice young man who helped me a buy a tree was awesome .
joy did our design for the front yard .
six month later , our yard is beautiful .
all the people who worked on the crew were delightful .
on my most recent stop , i found they offer landscape design services .
excellent service , great selection .
tree is in and looking great .
nice little dive .
good stuff !
hands down best chinese food in south phoenix !
the food is authentic chinese food .
full of flavor !
the quality and freshness is always consistent .
i guarantee you will keep coming back !
i would recommend to try this at least once .
great dentist .
thanks dr. wong , for taking care of my sister and being so fair !
great place for braces !
great dentist .
highly recommend .
had the carne asada burrito , it was fresh and delicious !
tacos are great .
the beans have a really good taste .
legit , delicious food .
also , the place is nice and bright and clean .
this place is really clean .
friendly service .
good food !
yes , my friends .
i 'm in love with this place .
the food is amazing the prices are lower and there is so much atmosphere .
* overall : excellent cultural experience for you and your taste buds .
prices are really reasonable as well !
salsa is amazing too !
fresh tortilla , just made .
huge selection of fresh produce .
fresh fish looked beautiful .
salsa and guacamole bar , all fresh fresh fresh .
great place to shop for a party .
i love this place .
its loud , colorful and fun to shop .
the prices are great and the restaurant food tastes awesome .
please smile more and be more willing to answer your customer 's questions .
but thank you for the free side of guacamole .
killer tortillas for great price !
soo delicious the food there is great too .
their flour tortillas are the most delicious tortillas that i have ever tasted .
thank god i am able to enjoy these : ) .
keep up the good work you guys : ) : ) : ) !
on time , friendly , honest and they did what they said .
i 'm proud they are carrying on in the tradition i started .
wonderful !
just amazing .
thank you .
keep up the good work !
a superb job !
i 'm glad i got referred to them by a friend .
great company , great customer service .
the wind knocked it up from the tar .
very good .
they have the best ceviche in town & breaded shrimp are extremely good too .
good spot for any type of seafood your craving .
their waters are fresh and have a good variety .
love this spot !
and good advice !
wow , i am speechless .
they have an impressive line of offerings , including tostada shells of various colors .
what a great experience .
rito 's uses these tortilla 's and they have the best burritos in town !
great staff , very nice and helpful .
best carne asada burritos this side of town .
the ladies are nice .
the place is not the fanciest but it 's always clean .
had seafood soup and it was superb .
plus , loved ordering in spanish - felt in made my food even tastier .
the food is always good and the prices are very reasonable .
try the shrimp burrito , it was very good .
also the tacos here are always good .
this is the most fantastic mexican food ever .
everything is good .
salsa is amazing .
i would have to say this shop has guys that give a good haircut .
the prices are very reasonable too .
great barbershop , great location , great ambiance !
great atmosphere and i think this shop has the best barbers in phoenix .
award winning barbers !
by far the best shop in the metro phoenix !
this place is amazing , they have so many hard to find items .
this place is great .
it 's a toy store for adults .
my car actually looks better .
thanks guys !
truly a business of integrity worth going out of your way for .
advantage imports saved the day and our biggest account !
i just bought my second second vehicle from them .
i highly recommend them for everything .
overall , my experience was great and i strongly recommend this shop .
_num_ cent tacos and good breakfast .
love del taco !
service is excellent and i will be back for future visits !
well you finally did it , del taco .
the food is delicious and hot every time .
thanks , del taco !
everything tasted fresh , and the meat had great flavor .
i loooove it .
they also have a very good chicago style hot dog and italian beef sandwiches .
a very solid joint and not a slap in the face to greek food .
one of my favorite places to get a gyro .
the gyro was really good .
i 'll definitely be back .
great consistent service and food for years !
the gyro special is great and good fries everytime i go !
the food , for the most part is great .
i 'd definitely recommend it .
great place !
food portions are plentiful , quality is excellent and prices are good .
gyros are giant !
nothing ground breaking , but definitely flavorful .
nice to find some non-chain places for lunch break .
these are the best gyros in town .
i 'm a regular here and know the staff , very friendly people .
the place might be small but has a big impact !
food is great !
the philly cheese steak is legit with fresh mushrooms , onions and green peppers .
savory and delicious .
jay 's is always has a clean dining room and their staff is friendly .
jay 's you are one classy establishment .
thanks for having me !
good prices , nice portions , excellent taste .
fresh tasteful gyro meat !
so good !
the atmosphere is great and they have a lot of cool features .
definitely going back !
ordered a gyro got ta say pretty good .
if you like gyros this is a good place to try .
meat was nice and tender .
the lamb gyro is good , great flavor .
the batter on the zucchini is nice and light .
if you work in tempe this is a good place for lunch .
_num_ minutes in and out , but it is good .
the price was right and the food delicious .
tasty gyros .
large portion , good value .
website is easy to use as well .
i 'd say that 's worth it !
i 'd definitely use them again .
thank you coyote courier .
jason and his team really helped accommodate our needs .
i recommend any person or business to try this company out .
thank you coyote courier for all of your help !
he recommended coyote courier as the best delivery service in town .
coyote courier service came to our rescue !
i am still giving coyote _num_ stars for delivering as promised !
great job .
good food , almost always fast , and close to work .
you 're welcome .
# _num_ was very good , all freshly cut meat .
they have two lines so service is always quick even during the lunch hour .
a fantastic place to have a meal hands down !
very affordable and great for a quick stop during work hours .
quick fast and easy lunch pit stop !
the people who work here are friendly , as well .
i keep coming back .
i had a great experience with true view .
the price was good .
easy does it for us .
i am really happy with the service and product i received .
yep , i recommend them .
true view to the rescue !
even better - they did it with a smile and friendly customer service .
oh ... and the party pulled off perfectly !
great product , excellent service , great installation .
i would highly recommend this company !
i bought a sliding glass door felt strip from true view .
i would recommend the company .
quality of work was excellent .
workmanship was great .
true view windows and glass exceeded my expectations .
i highly recommend them for any glass , windows or door work .
the service after installation was super .
had a very good experience with true view .
they also followed up to make sure all was perfect .
i got new windows about a year ago .
i really enjoyed working with this company .
they were installed in one day and look great .
i definitely recommend true view !
true view has replaced most of the windows in my home .
easy to do business with .
helpful and courteous .
installed excellent quality heavy duty screen .
very good around pets and friendly too .
i 'll certainly use true view for future needs !
so i feel this review will help someone somewhere soon .
it looks flawless .
from the first phone call to the very last interaction we had was enjoyable !
i absolutely recommend this company for all of your glass needs !
they are prompt and efficient !
thank you true view , you guys saved the day .
true view completed an inspection and replaced the glass .
from start to finish this company was a delight to work with .
thank you for the great service !
on time , worked quick and did great work .
good communication as well .
happy to recommend them to anyone !
very friendly and was treated great even though i only spent $ _num_ .
great service .
i stayed at this hotel a couple of months ago .
the hot breakfast was also nice !
decent hotel .
really impressed .
the rooms were clean and staff friendly .
great place for used parts .
clean and reliable .
great prices and very easy to buy from .
seriously , i am thrilled with their professionalism and service .
omg amazing place !
great great great .
authentic mexican tacos cooked with love from a true mom and pop operation .
well worth it .
thanks yelp .
the staff is friendly and efficient .
my order is always accurate .
she had a wonderful `` bedside manner '' with both my dog and me .
these are some of the most caring professionals i 've ever met .
i got a great price too !
i am so excited about our office set up .
she 's seriously a office design professional !
thanks guys !
great customer service !
i love shopping here , and the treasures i find .
i recommend going here to take care of your office needs .
they have a huge inventory and really great prices .
great selection new and used .
craig 's design work was top notch .
the stand works perfectly .
they deliver when promised for a great price .
with exhibit experts we got great product , great prices and convenience .
tim is the best !
this is a great repair shop to take your broken luggage .
it was an amazing experience for such an unpleasant situation .
their service exceeded my expectations .
great service .
it is like an extended part of the family .
they are prompt , professional , and do a great job !
i would recommend them to anyone .
mark is great !
wow , what a surprise .
this place is great .
they are very honest and reasonable prices .
highly recommend them even if they are far away from most of us !
outstanding service .
these guys go above and beyond .
nice people to work with .
these folks are outstanding people with excellent customer service .
fast , courteous , and very highly recommended .
honest and great service !
wow , its good as new .
highly recommend .
the staff is very personable and professional .
we highly recommend mark 's .
the food is good , the atmosphere is even better .
all wood , very cozy and quaint .
it is comfort food at its best .
very good food .
great food and very friendly service .
best hash in town .
good food .
omg , it was soooo good !
nice cafe to go to during my lunch break .
always good , always friendly !
small place , very hidden .
food was great .
service was friendly .
it definitely ranks in the top ten sandwiches of all time for me .
the fries , are ok , and the side salad is pretty good too .
it is topped with onion rings and is fantastic !
real friendly staff , and delicious food .
the service is great also .
cassie is our favorite .
she is the best person we have ever met .
good food .
good service .
really good food , super friendly and attentive service .
great place for lunch with good food and excellent customer service .
thanks !
but man what a surprise !
food was great and the staff was friendly .
great place for lunch !
thanks again to the staff there , , !
great job.
first time impression was awesome !
great business .
i ordered the special , whatever it was it was fantastic .
everything is great here , i look forward to being a regular .
it 's super close to my company 's office !
keep hearing great stuff about this place .
made it there and it was worth it .
good food great service at a reasonable price .
good place to take customers for lunch .
definitely will be going back .
have eaten here numerous times .
the food is fantastic .
good comfort food is what i go here for .
great sandwiches , salads , and fries !
very friendly staff .
a bit small during lunch hour rush but worth it !
very friendly staff .
the food was hot and good .
good seasoning on my hashbrowns .
been here a few times and the food is always great !
they both were excellent .
good cole slaw as well .
the service is friendly and very efficient .
lots of down home food done pretty well .
check it out !
enjoyed the meatloaf dish .
plenty of food for lunch at a very reasonable price .
all the food is good here .
this place is delicious !
my friend recommended it since we were in the area .
the fries are really good too !
it was a `` to die for '' sandwich !
i so love this little restaurant .
nicole is who helped me .
the sandwich was very well seasoned and so we 're the fries .
i always say if their fries are good , then their everything is good .
absolutely delicious and fast with some efficient service .
great find !
always great hot food , pleasant owners and staff !
food is very good , so far everything we ever ate was delicious .
i would recommend them and they are a decent price range too !
try them you will love them as we do !
great service .
met my friend for lunch here today .
awesome cafe !
easy to find , great service & the food was delicious !
fantastic !
happy eating y'all !
what a great find !
there is nothing fancy here but it is clean and bright and neat .
service is very good and the food is excellent .
great food .
great service .
got to love that .
will continue to go there and recommend .
the food is absolutely amazing !
the service was great and we got the food in no time !
i highly recommend the open face sandwich !
very nice people , excellent food .
great peanut butter cookie dessert .
fair prices .
we came to this place based on the yelp reviews !
the service was really quick and extremely friendly .
the chili was great but a little spicy for my taste .
i will definitely be going back .
the chicken peppercorn sauce sandwich was outstanding .
a bit loud , but had a nice small ma and pop ambiance .
will definitely go back and try again .
their food is amazing .
forget the diet and just enjoy a fantastic lunch .
the customer service is always friendly and fast .
my server was great besides she was a local girl !
nifty cool place .
people are friendly and prices are reasonable .
overall it 's a great lunch place with a little bit of outdoor seating .
staff is always very nice and friendly .
delicious home cooking at its finest !
eggs benedict are perfect every time .
portions are large enough to keep you going well into the lunch hour .
staff is great !
everything about this place was clean and professional .
live well , take care of your body .
live well , take care of your body .
it 's gorgeous - a work of art , really .
the company did a nice job installing my fence and it looks good .
came to the house and offered me a great quote .
great company to work with .
would recommend for any fence need .
they not only build a great pool fence .
their experience and craftsmanship made it look like it has always been there .
that is always appreciated on a job site .
good job !
these guys did a beautiful job .
they were very flexible and knowledgeable !
i would recommend them to everyone .
and it all comes with a fair price .
the results were excellent .
they took excellent care of my boat - seamless .
very satisfied with david and his crew !
these guys are top notch .
they met and exceeded all of my expectations .
these guys are amazing top quality techs .
his customer service has been amazing and that is what matters most .
i highly recommend these guys .
everything worked perfect .
highly recommended .
their customer service and attention to detail is outstanding !
thank you again !
in the end , the install was clean and looks great .
if you are looking for someone dependable , this is the place !
excellent work , very satisfied .
david and his team were able to accommodate everything on my list .
highly recommend !
seriously , this place is amazing .
top notch , these guys always produce a superior product and crisp clean sound .
i received fast service at a good price .
friendly , honest and good workmanship .
i can see why they have so many positive reviews .
i highly recommend these guys !
they did a great job .
excellent value for the money !
the hotel is clean and the staff is friendly .
great value for the money !
great staff , free wifi , and very close to the airport .
but for the price you really cant beat it !
overall great stay !
great job guys !
it is a quiet spot with clean rooms .
staff was always very nice to me .
good value , good internet , clean , safe .
i would stay here again as long as i got a good rate .
this taco bell is still the best.
the staff was very friendly .
great job .
this is the best taco bell in the area .
the food is always accurate and fast .
it was a great combination of romaine lettuce , seasoned chicken , tomatoes .
i was really surprised at the taste .
defiantly one of the best locations that i have been to .
they always remember us .
its nothing outstanding food wise .
they have gotten jobs done for us in record time with quality work .
we recommend them highly for their professionalism , quality , and outstanding customer service !
they were quick , friendly and made my last minute wedding gift idea perfect .
i will definitely use them in the future !
they are reasonable on prices and is friendly and courteous !
we purchased some very cool tile for our boys bathroom and for our kitchen .
they have a wonderful showroom .
i highly recommend this family business .
tasty burger !
tasty !
staff was friendly and helpful ... love to stop by when in the area .
staff is always friendly !
food is always fresh and hot !
it was made perfectly and giant as usual .
it was a great lunch .
i love you baby .
the jalapeo ranch and their fancy and spicy ketchup are something else .
and come to arizona this place is a must try !
the patty melt was amazing .
fast service and great food .
burger with all the trimmings and spicy ketchup .
makes me want to move to az !
food is very good .
travis at the front desk was quite helpful and understanding of our unique situation .
this hotel welcomed me with extremely fast and friendly service .
great job everyone !
i had never stayed here before but was pleasantly surprised .
the facilities were nicely kept .
i took advantage of the jacuzzi in the morning along with nice complimentary coffee .
i was very happy with my room .
thank you scott .
very pleasantly surprised !
solid , nice , comfortable hotel with regular shuttles to the airport .
great value for the money .
great work area and i also like the small kitchen .
they have pretty good food and decent prices .
this is a great place for lunch .
it 's very warm and inviting .
i 'm happy to call myself a regular .
great food , great people .
this place is great .
they are affiliated with united van lines , which is how i found them .
he was professional , friendly and knowledgeable .
i had a wonderful experience with s & m movers .
they took extra care with my glass artwork .
we have moved across country before and this company was by far the best .
movers were incredibly punctual and quite fast .
we will definitely use them again !
the move was seamless .
they took extra care with all items .
everyone we worked with was very professional and helpful .
we received our furniture and household goods on the day promised .
we would recommend your company , s & m moving systems to everyone .
this is an excellent college for students looking for a better college experience .
i love that they are constantly improving the campus .
the teachers and staff are great .
cool atmosphere , awesome mix of people and its super close for me .
the new library is beautiful !
it 's like heaven !
the best wood grilled fish bar none !
very friendly staff .
friendly service very clean and fresh seafood they have karaoke and beer bucket specials .
i lived in south phoenix all my life and was always curious .
it 's definitely one of the most beautiful courses in the phoenix area .
it also has its fair share of interesting holes .
course offers a variety of tees , it can play very long .
the back _num_ is definitely more interesting than the front .
price is right about there for the play .
all very professional and attentive to the details .
value for money is high here .
cafe _num_ is neighborhood gem .
what an awesome course and great value too .
the greens and fairways were perfect !
just a great golf course !
fairways like carpets , and the greens were great .
thoroughly enjoyable and a good value .
everyone we met provided great service with a great attitude .
the course is beautiful and fair .
a great value .
greens were perfect .
fairways were ideal .
this course is a must , nice pine tree setting in the desert !
definitely play again !
this place is great !
this place has fresh fruits and nuts and breads .
there are a bunch of samples and quite a good selection of items .
the staff is also very nice .
i think they liked it , i know we loved our samples .
love this place .
definitely worth checking out .
i love it when i run into `` my people . ''
they also have fresh baked breads - off all flavors and varieties .
this place is pretty awesome .
loved it !
it was very decently priced and the fruit was fresh and locally grown .
i was also impressed by the quality and variety they have there .
she was otherwise very nice , just distracted .
love this place !
it is amazing and super easy to fry !
great people , very friendly .
amazing prices .
had one of the best tuna sandwiches here !
smoothies are delicious !
anyhow , definitely worth a stop if you live in the neighborhood .
this is a great place .
everything is fresh .
i was able to get a couple free samples .
you can even eat the skins because they are naturally good .
great place to do some local and fresh shopping .
the ladies are extremely friendly .
definitely will be come by again .
great fruit and i like their packaged trail mix .
a lot of salsa , honey and other local treats .
warm friendly people selling delicious fresh fruit that you can sample .
got a chicken salad sandwich and fresh fruit smoothie !
delicious .
found my new after hike stop !
i love this mid k !
they also have a ton of cute wigs for costumes at great prices .
good place to go for african american hair products .
the people who work there are friendly and generally helpful .
a friend recommended this location as being very good .
absolutely great service as always !
i liked the fast friendly service .
while our tires were a bit pricey , the service was great .
these guys are awesome !
outstanding .
exceptional service from chris .
service was great the associate had great people skills .
they helped me with my car and were very honest .
love this location .
the staff are always honest and friendly .
had a really great experience here .
employees were friendly and job well done .
they take care of him like he is family .
this is the perfect place for our daughters .
fantastic selection of cacti at a very happy price .
i really enjoyed browsing this guy 's huge collection .
his prices are excellent .
prices are great and there 's a lot to choose from !
it 's worth the trip to the southside !
best mexican food in town .
ok great mom and pop place .
as far as mexican food place this is a great find .
and the chips and salsa are good .
cute little restaurant with yummy food .
the service was good and the food was really good .
great free chips and salsa .
great bean and cheese burrito .
their carne asada burritos are great .
well , we found that at el mesquite .
there chips are great and they keep bringing them out .
the food is great .
the prices are reasonable and the service is great .
great family restaurant in a so-so shopping center .
love this place !
great chips , and flavorful spicy salsa !
the food is hot and good .
i would recommend this place for great mexican food .
great authentic mexican food , good service and it feels like home .
all the food is great .
best mexican food .
everything is freshly made .
guacamole and chorizo are the best .
people are very friendly too .
been here numerous times and they have the best chicken tacos in town !
very good mexican food .
i tried the carne asada and it was well cooked with great flavored .
i loved the hand made flour tortillas .
everything was fresh .
i also enjoyed that they put up christmas decorations during the holidays !
best authentic mexican near where i live = clutch .
all of which i recommend and will be getting again .
we love this place !
never disappoints , everything always taste fresh and delicious .
the food is always good and the waitresses are nice .
it 's my go to spot for a carne aside burrito !
i was extremely happy !
the waitress was very attentive and the food good .
i will be coming back for more !
good food .
the fried tacos are delish as well as the rice and beans .
great place if you like authentic .
loved it !
mediocre service but the food is pretty good .
new china is a real treat .
the staff is always nice and the prices are pretty reasonable .
great store friendly staff .
great that they are open early on sunday .
great selection of items too .
very neat and organized which makes it very easy to find what you need .
plenty of staff that are more than willing to help you .
the price point is reasonable on all items .
excellent customer service and knowledgeable staff !
in addition the staff is friendly and acknowledge that you are a repeat customer .
i saw this place have a nice reviews and went check it out obviously .
girl that helped me was very patient , helpful and friendly .
i would highly recommend this place .
places like this are rare gems for women of color in phoenix .
every product or color the staff has recommended for me has always been correct .
its well worth the drive .
thank you !
extremely nice and helpful !
i will definitely be back !
wow !
what a hidden gem .
thanks ladies i 'll definitely be returning .
sally beauty ... sorry your out .
the girls were really nice and helpful .
all around great experience .
thanks girls !
this is one of those once in a lifetime experiences !
the scenery in the park was great too .
great staff , great horses , great scenery , and good prices .
this was a blast !
our guide was super helpful , fun , and very nice .
the trail guide was great and the trail itself was enjoyable .
wonderful !
this was fun .
prices were great , staff was great .
overall a fun time .
lots of fun for the family .
t-bone steak ride was wonderful !
horses are beautiful and well cared for !
all i can say is wow !
what a steal and wonderful value ... ... .
the crew were extremely friendly and i 'm now taking my family back tomorrow .
had a great time !
it was well worth it !
being a novice myself i found the pace perfect .
the south mountain location is very scenic .
i really enjoyed this experience .
first , the prices for rides are great .
if you 're riding in the summer , i recommend 7am or night rides .
great time with the family !
nice guides and a very authentic feeling place .
highly recommended .
they 're friendly , fun and priced reasonably .
the horses are well groomed and appear to be well taken care of .
all in all a great experience .
excellent place for horseback riding !
we did the hour long one and our guide was friendly and cool .
we enjoyed that whole experience .
prices are good .
the majority of the time is spent on horseback , and that was excellent !
had a terrific one hour trail ride with my _num_ yo daughter .
scenery is fantastic , like something out of a western .
highly recommended for an old west experience .
i love this place .
very fun morning riding !
it was a fun morning to get away from phoenix and enjoy being outside !
this place is amazing !
kind of a group experience but worth the ride .
views of the desert are pleasant and the horses are well maintained .
a perfect first time experience .
thought the bottle of water is a thoughtful compliment .
friendly staff , great horses .
perfect if you 're looking for an easy ride with a great view .
overall , it was fun and relaxing .
our guide was super funny and friendly !
i will definitely go back for another ride !
great time !
my family enjoyed the _num_ hour ride this morning .
it was a relaxing ride with our guide , jerry .
the scenery was beautiful and peaceful .
always great .
the sunset ride is exceptional .
dinner is included and delicious .
i had a great time .
the staff made me feel super comfortable from the time i checked in .
i did the sunset ride , it was beautiful !
we had a great time here .
the staff were very friendly and professional .
the views on the park are beautiful !
the staff was friendly , kind and patient .
the horses were well maintained and gentle .
it 's a good time .
this castle is really neat , amazing how this place was built .
amazing .
it is cheap and south mountain is nice when it is cool out .
fascinating place !
definitely worth the trip !
check it out !
definitely a great place to take visitors for some quirky old school arizona history !
very colorful and alot of details .
an interesting place to visit .
wow , what a neat place !
thank you , yelpers , for your recommendation of the mystery castle .
i look forward to going back again some day soon !
this place is wild !
very under managed and disorganized .
this is a pretty cool place to check out .
interesting architecture and back story .
the tour guide was great and knowledgeable .
go check it out !
very interesting story and a unique place to take guests .
we enjoyed ourselves .
each room holds its own strange wonders .
the tour was well done , informative , and entertaining .
i enjoyed attending this and seeing the beautiful property .
the whole castle is so artistic and an example of creativity at its finest .
will definitely come back again .
a hidden gem .
very interesting and magical place !
dr. chris is way cool !
the staff is pleasant and efficient .
i have had very good dental care from this place .
i just moved to the area and needed a new dentist .
i highly recommend them to everyone based on my very positive experience .
i highly recommend them .
i have had a great experience here .
the quality of service is great as well as the customer service .
i have never had any issues with them and highly recommend them .
they have been wonderful to our little ones .
we were so happy we did .
i would definitely recommend this dentist .
they are just awesome here !
the employees are always pleasantly nice and courteous !
prices are great !
they will work with you on a payment plan !
oh yeah !
cool peeps !
they are very inviting and make sure you are comfortable .
they always make sure that you can count on them to answer any questions .
i absolutely love this dentist office .
they take it back to the basics of top quality service !
they introduce you to all the staff give you a tour of the facility .
they are worth the drive .
professional , nice , courteous and helpful !
they are all very friendly and knowledgeable .
i will definitely be going back here for future dental work .
they give you a great experience .
love this place definitely a place to bring all my family .
my first love !
i flew out to phoenix last month just to have you in my mouth !
that 's was some good pizza !
found myself a new pizza spot in south phoenix .
you can tell fresh ingredients very different from popular chains .
i 'm now _num_ and i still love this place .
will be back again and again .
one of the best pizza places ever !
love the feel of the restaurant .
food is delicious and i kept going for seconds .
i love this place .
me and my sons always come here for a quick fade .
all the barbers are skilled and awesome .
good hair cut for the price .
incredible parish !
great for families !
love this church .
arrive early to get a seat ... it 's packed !
come check it out !
also the chips and salsa are bottomless and fantastic !
loved the chips .
yummy smokey flavor .
best of all was the service .
very friendly .
definitely coming back .
the food is great , and really inexpensive .
everything i 've had is excellent .
the staff is friendly and the service is fast .
it 's one of the places i like to take visiting friends and family .
they make a good everything .
it 's so good .
the salsa in a squeeze bottle is kinda weird , but good .
i love the food here !
ive always shared the combo plates that lets you get a taste of everything .
definetly fills you up .
if you want authenticity -- this is the place !
great food and selection .
highly recommend for those looking for a nice family type establishment .
i love this place .
i recommend it all the time .
this restaurant has a special place in my heart .
the chili relleno is awesome , the chimi 's are also very good .
it 's loud and very informal , but always a great time !
pretty decent food at good prices .
the staff is very friendly and service is good .
we had the chorizo cheese crisp , which was really good .
excellent food and prices i normally eat here about 3-4 x a month .
i love this place .
the service isnt amazing , but its the best mexican food in the world .
it is one of my favorite places ever .
wow.
service is awesome !
best mexican food in phoenix .
the service is awesome .
love love love this place .
authentic mexican food .
authentic mexican food .
amazing mexican food !
and i will keep on coming back for them !
delicious !
love this place !
the food is delicious .
the salsa is fantastic and better yet , they sell it .
wow !
this place is soooo good !
i find it to be very relaxing and comfortable .
love , love , love this place .
friendly staff .
the food came out so fast and it was delicious .
they have wonderful combinations and the restaurant has become a habit for our family .
place is pretty good , small beer selection for having a large bar .
love this place .
comfy , friendly and great food .
good rich and smooth salsa with a nice bite .
try it you will like it .
good is always consistent and reliable .
waitresses are nice , and usually on top of our needs .
yeah , it 's cramped a little .
the food is the best mexican food for white people in phoenix .
chips and fresh and endless .
this place is freaking amazing .
we also order a cheese crisp folded and side of chips and salsa .
yes all in one order , i seat half the next day .
highly recommend this joint .
my favorite mexican food restaraunt .
good chips n salsa too .
fantastic waitress and service !
so nice and a great job !
this is good mexican food .
the sonora enchilada is an excellent vegetarian meal here .
absolutely delicious and my favorite place in town .
they have good prices and good food .
i love the chips and salsa .
this place fills up quick on the weekends be prepared .
the food here is very good .
good food .
the quantity and quality of food was excellent .
my husband and i love this place !
i get something different every time and it 's always delicious !
i love their margaritas too !
the food is really good for the price .
i have been eating at this restaurant my whole life .
the food is delicious , the prices are great !
the food is great and the prices are very reasonable .
they have a good lunch selection .
the food is authentic .
definitely a day visit place .
a very good restaurant .
good hot sauce , good chips , excellent machaca tacos .
very good red chili burros .
a very authentic mexican food spot on south side of phoenix .
the style of the restaurant is very colorful and festive .
would definitely go back and enjoy other dishes .
their salsa is also fantastic .
had takeout from here ... the food was hot and worth the wait !
the tamales were really good !
they have amazing salsa and great service in their togo area .
great food !
fun atmosphere , affordable and casual .
one of my favorite places to go for mexican food in south phoenix .
some of the best mexican food i can find in the phoenix valley .
it also has a great little neighborhood bar in the back of the restaurant .
been going here since i was a little girl .
always always good .
rice is good .
price is right .
pollo fundido is pretty good !
this is their favorite mexican restaurant in the area .
good variety of the mexican dishes available .
so , it 's a lot of food .
they are exceptionally delicious .
so great we live right up the street .
really good food !
excellent service !
salsa and chips are always _num_ stars !
such good food .
you 'll see pictures of him on the wall .
great mexican food in south phoenix !
the chimichangas are the best !
i have become pretty obsessed with their veggie burrito !
they are generous in the avocado which i like .
the best mexican food in south phoenix .
one of my favorite mexican restaurants in phoenix !
first time trying this place and it was really good .
i love this place !
i was pleasantly surprised that food was hot and delicious each time .
my friend had the beef and broccoli said it was very good .
arrived on time , still hot .
i love their egg rolls , always hot and a great taste .
cheap and delicious !
the food was good for the price and amount given .
good chinese delivery !
hands down best chinese food in phx !
decent food , when in the mood for chinese i go here .
food is good and service is great .
love their food !
this place has the best chinese food you can get delivered .
actually a very good place to get chinese food .
they have awesome combo plates , and their egg rolls are really unique .
the food here is always delicious .
the prices are well worth it for the food you get !
the building is old but the inside is clean .
the family that runs this place is very friendly .
and the experience with staff and the doctor were as pleasant as could be .
he did a great job and the bill was very reasonable .
for value and service , he 's the best in the valley .
the assistant was also extremely confident .
thanks again southside animal hospital !
impressed with this vet !
very pleased !
from shots to x-rays i highly recommend these guys !
i would highly recommend his office for all vet care !
they are great at the southside animal hospital .
i love this place !
this vet is well worth the drive !
he is an awesome dr and recommend him to all my family and friends .
very happy with their service and will be sure to go back if needed .
would recommend to friends .
very nice clinic .
all supporting staff was very friendly and caring .
they keep prices very reasonable and affordable .
they treat only what is needed .
best i have been to in a long time !
older office building but great service !
very well run practice .
they are all so caring and love the pets .
amazing people !
amazing staff !
we received outstanding service .
i highly recommend southside animal hospital for your pet needs .
so happy we have such a wonderful place in our neighborhood !
thank you !
but my car looks amazing .
i had dog hair everywhere and they did a really good job on that .
a favorite spot for lunch on the weekends .
everything is very good .
this is a great place to take the whole family .
the kids can run around and play while you enjoy a meal out .
a perfect day in the country without having to leave the city .
what a great choice !
and the food was amazing .
great sandwiches and a beautiful atmosphere .
dog friendly also .
i am still impressed by it five years later .
nonetheless , the service was great and the walk around the gardens was inspiring .
yumminess of all yumminess !
fresh sandwiches !
crisp salads !
delicious cookies !
i love the outdoor picnic tables and their potato salad is to die for !
it reminds me of my small town back east .
very `` neat '' place .
the staff is great !
love love love it !
what a quaint little piece of heaven .
the food was wonderful and the presentation was great !
i highly recommend it .
it would make a wonderful place for a baby or wedding shower !
quite interesting experience if you have not been there and absolutely worth checking out .
best veggie sandwich ever ?
seriously , this is the best place in arizona for breakfast .
this is a great place to take out-of-town visitors .
your meal is served in a basket and the food is very tasty .
i highly recommend dining at the farm at south mountain !
i can bring my dog .
really great , really fresh food .
the farm kitchen sells great sandwiches and a few tasty pastry selections .
we love the breakfast .
i loved their soup !
tasty , but most definitely overpriced .
so different and refreshing .
a nice place to have a sandwich and enjoy the open space !
good to brunch in a big group .
this is my all time favorite breakfast place in phoenix .
it 's a great way to spend your morning .
there is a neat art studio towards the back of the farm .
staff was very friendly and helpful .
it is great for an early summer morning outing with the family .
the food was excellent .
my husband got the cowboy breakfast and enjoyed it as well .
it 's so nice to stroll around this old pecan farm .
it 's lovely .
best chocolate cake i 've ever had is from here .
and amazing soup and sandwiches .
a little more on the pricier side , but worth it .
the sausage at the breakfast place was really good .
this place is awesome !
it is just that good .
the pecan pie alone is worth the drive .
fresh and local ... good combination !
probably the best mushrooms i 've ever had .
beef was nice .
amazing and as fresh as it gets .
i love the farm !
it was delicious !
loved being outside and enjoyed the atmosphere so much .
really great bfast and beautiful setting .
great for kids .
i love morning glory for sunday brunch !
the food is good , but the best thing is the atmosphere .
it was absolutely beautiful .
i will definitely come back here .
no place in town compares to the atmosphere and the food is very good .
we all love the variety of deserts and the ice tea is excellent .
thanks for giving us this jewel in the desert .
a really cool experience .
the food is perfect , picnic style food .
take your friends and family !
the overall experience will become something you crave .
take visitors here , take your dog !
i love this place !
this brown bag sandwich , salad , and soup place is soooo good .
the turkey club sandwich is excellent , so is the chicken salad sandwich .
the ingredients used are top quality , fresh , and amazing !
breakfast is fantastic .
fresh air , great place to walk around after your meal .
the food is really good !
take me away !
many lovely things to look at while you wait .
ugh , so pretty !
great place to go on a nice sunny phoenix day .
great sandwiches and olive oil products !
just plain excellent every time !
love it !
food and setting are fantastic !
they do a good job for arizona !
probably one of the best breakfast/brunch places in phoenix !
it is a little pricey for breakfast , but it is worth the splurge .
love it here .
highly recommend and ca n't wait to go back .
they do a lot of cute things , and the food is good .
finally got to eat brunch at the morning glory cafe and it was fantastic !
all were so charming .
awesome fresh sandwich !
delicious !
so for me to be raving about breakfast is a funny .
my sister took me here cause they loved it .
it is by far the best place in phoenix to have breakfast .
it 's worth it !
our wedding here last year was beautiful .
what a happy memory !
tree lined picnic table area .
i honestly could spend all day here .
the weddings are beautiful there and morning glory is good for company in town .
the food was very fresh and so good but quite pricey .
an excellent little place to have a picnic lunch !
this was a great place to stop for lunch .
a great sandwich and bowl of soup .
lots of picnic tables and cafe tables with a live flower on each one .
makes you feel like you are on a picnic .
our food was great .
everyone in our group cleared their plates .
everything amazing .
we had good service too !
everything else was wonderful !
the food was incredible !
i would recommend the farm !
the food is all grown on site and the quality was great .
it was delicious and the perfect size serving .
give it a shot !
everything was great !
nice homemade jam to go with it too .
thanks to you !
fantastic spot , try the smoked brisket hash !
as others have said , this is just a gem of a place .
nice , relaxing spot .
great way to start the day .
awesome place .
fresh farm food .
a little pricey , but worth every penny .
very romantic lunch spot , great atmosphere .
will come back !
this a great place to go with friends , family or lover .
you can enjoy sunshine and organic fresh sandwich and cakes .
this is a fun place to go for breakfast .
i like this place very much !
the food was fantastic .
the service was excellent .
the wine list was interesting and varied .
delicious food , fabulous venue !
delicious food in a beautiful setting .
i had the pecan cinnamon brioche french toast - it was amazing !
my husband really enjoyed his omelet .
the scenery was beautiful this morning .
very relaxing place to enjoy starting the day .
staff was very friendly .
the food was very good and the portions were large .
the morning glory cafe is absolutely gorgeous .
self serve water coffee , ice tea .
favorite place to go in phoenix !
great atmosphere and food with quality products and service ... from farm to table .
recommended to all !
the farm has such a special place in my heart !
it is so peaceful and quiet there .
my cousin also had her reception here for her wedding and it was beautiful !
this place is totally a hidden gem !
this is a unique dining experience .
very casual , relaxing and super food that is fresh and natural .
an absolutely delicious brunch with honest food and eager to please staff .
great place to take out of town guests when the weather is nice !
delicious breakfast !
you can definitely tell the difference between fresh eggs and store bought eggs .
awesome !
great breakfast .
excellent lunch .
take some time to wander , enjoy the grounds and the rock wall .
sit outside and enjoy the cool farm & trees .
the food is amazing .
amazing !
it 's a beautiful place and the food is to die for .
also the staff are the best kinds of people !
everyone is so down to earth , kind , and funny !
great experience !
excellent place for breakfast in phoenix .
seating is outside and so refreshing .
opted for huevos rancheros here and it was great !
ambiance and change of scenery is the best part about this place .
food is really fresh here , although sometimes their salads feel a little skimpy .
the food was good !
the atmosphere was great , it 's a beautiful place !
this place is really great , whether it be for breakfast or lunch .
the food is well worth it .
wonderful breakfast , great service , the freshest fruits & veggie .
worth the trip .
plus great little gift shop .
i am so in love with this place !
it is a tad bit pricey but everything else is top notch !
excellent food , service , selection , top quality ingredients and great ambiance .
and consistently great every time !
great place for kids or a business lunch and anywhere in between !
nice that there 's a farm so close to the city .
the food is seriously good too .
love this place !
best sandwich ever !
absolutely beautiful .
awesome food with a great experience .
great atmosphere and the food was great .
what an incredible experience and delicious food !
best granola i 've had and i love granola !
good service , we were seated quickly and it was busy .
i 've read the reviews and i liked what i read .
people will only wait if the food is good .
we shared the food so we got to try both .
kinda pricey , but the food and ambiance is great .
i 'll definitely be back .
unique concept .
friendly service .
relaxing grounds to tour , shop and learn .
i 'm definitely a fan of both .
the combination of flavors is so good !
i also got their hearty jamaican bean soup .
above all , best pecan pie ever !
the location has wonderful outdoor seating surrounded by green trees .
their service is fast and friendly as well !
as good as it gets .
kelsey and nikki are so so great !
every year visiting the farm is a new adventure for me and my family .
our dogs have a fun time hanging out .
it is a beautiful place and the menu has very good selections .
the place is very pretty and has much to offer .
great place to bring family on a saturday or sunday .
worth the trip .
people that work there are great too .
love the outdoor seating and the mini escape from the desert !
have been to all three food options on site and enjoyed them all .
a bit pricey but good quality .
great place for groups and kids and dogs !
i loved the breakfast burrito i got .
such a cute lil spot .
we will definitely return .
my favorite part of the farm at south mountain is the establishment .
their pastries are outstanding , and baked everyday fresh .
it was however one of the best omelettes i 've had .
so yummy !
cute for a date morning .
service was fantastic and it was not crowded .
food was delicious .
this place is surreal .
the patio was perfect for a beautiful october brunch .
i loved that it came out in a picnic basket !
quite the enjoyable meal , i look forward to returning !
absolutely wonderful food , service and atmosphere .
there is a lunch place in front that 's cafeteria style .
then u take your food picnic style out on the grass and enjoy it .
really nice .
it 's great too .
nice staff , great food and outdoor seating .
really a perfect outing .
a great place for organic sandwiches and soups and enjoy outside at the sun .
the food is fresh and so good .
awesome vibe and good food .
wow ... what a cool place .
we stay a few days and hit a game .
we found this place via yelp and are so glad we did .
delicious food and great outdoor ambience .
anyway ... the food was great .
great for friends and family to hangout .
we loved it !
we all thought everything was delicious !
and it was really nice to walk around and explore .
good portion size and quality machaca .
all outdoor seating so bring a jacket in the winter .
good service , good food .
the food is served in a picnic basket , which is genius .
great concept with picnic tables and all .
this is a very friendly place with fantastic food .
get the pecan pie , its the best ever .
food is fantastic !
fun environment .
lovely little establishment .
great scenery , but my meal was underwhelming in the flavor department .
my companions ' food was fantastic though .
what a cute setting !
loved my sandwich from the little cafe .
the boys loved going to see the chickens after we ate .
i loved coming here !
this would be a fun place for a wedding shower or any party .
the food is a little pricey , but very good .
fantastic experience from start to finish .
the setting is so beautiful that the wait did n't matter .
both were excellent as were the meals our friends had .
delicious breakfast at such a cute location !
walked around the farm and enjoyed a cute garden shop and farmers market .
definitely worth the stop for out of towners and the like !
love love love !
patio breakfast amazing !
loved everything about this place !
i loved all the homemade treats , goodies , dressings .
it 's very quaint and the food is yummy .
great place to enjoy breakfast or lunch on a beautiful day !
we have so many wonderful memories .
farm to table eats that are tasty and well prepared .
the seasonal omelet , farm home fries and buttermilk biscuit were average .
we had a lovely brunch here earlier this year .
one of our favorite spots , still !
such a sweet and organic place to visit .
the food is great and the setting is amazing .
great for a relaxing sunday , or hosting an event !
lots of gluten free options as well .
we absolutely love the morning glory restaurant here .
the food is spectacular , but the setting really makes it .
always a great experience !
the restaurant to several different types of fresh brewed iced tea fantastic homemade desserts .
the sandwiches are all great the sides were good .
and it 's all relatively priced for fantastic farm fresh product they deliver .
the service is great and the bathrooms are nice , parking is easy .
we absolute love this place , very delicious .
we 've brought games and music to extend our time and have some fun .
this is a great place to take out of town visitors !
lots of space for kids to run around as well .
we went here for a wedding reception .
it turned out great .
the menu options are as unique as they are rewarding to the taste buds .
very romantic , but also very laid back .
the staff is fantastic , and the farm to plate setup is simply fantastic .
love every time .
great good but long wait time to be seated and get our food order .
one of my favorite things , it is dog friendly !
first off , this place is beautiful .
definitely a great place to bring families or to go on a nice date !
great breakfast .
nice time for the family , great atmosphere , very kind wait staff .
cheese and fruit plates were wonderful .
great wine pairings too .
i 've been here for lunch and for a wedding and both were amazing .
oh how i love this hidden gem .
green grass , beautiful trees .
if you love yoga , you have to take a class there .
there is a tiny table in the back and the aisles are crowded .
great little bakery that serves menudo , tamales and of course pan .
my favorite place to come for menudo !
i love this location .
the pricing is good and the artistry is awesome .
the service was great and the ladies that did our nail were wonderful .
impressive , knowledgeable and one of a kind .
huge , great selection , terrific pots , friendly staff .
we need go no further - love this place !
driving range and one of the best views of phoenix from the south side .
not the best conditions but a great course with excellent views .
suck it up .
along with papago , it is the best value in the valley .
the staff were fantastically friendly and accommodating .
great golf course .
course is always good for the money and excellent staff .
thanks , paul !
the beans and rice taste home made and the chicken is delicious .
off the charts amazing and authentic .
so delish !
this place is awesome .
combos come with rice , egg roll , crab puff and chicken wing .
i dig the community seating , it gives it a family feel .
lunch time you can eat for under _num_ bucks and come out feeling full .
the best food i have found the area and the price is right .
get there early to get a good seat fills up for lunch .
priced just right .
and the food is decent .
this restaurant is very good .
everything is consistently delicious .
service is good .
good food for the money !
the food quality has been very good .
always fast and friendly service .
as usual it was hot and tasty .
i highly recommend lunch here and even dinner .
good food ( a lot ) fast service .
this is a nice touch in our crazy world and one that i appreciate .
excellent lunch dishes .
first time i ate here was _num_ years ago n i loved it .
and the best crab puffs .
a regular lunch spot for me , since it 's near my office .
but the good food and great prices make the former easy to get past .
this place is awesome .
although the place looks older the food is great and the employees are friendly .
locally owned , amazing prices !
the portion size was really impressive !
i had plenty to take home and have dinner as well !
will definitely return !
highly recommended !
seriously some of the best chinese food i 've had .
what a pleasant surprise for an assuming little place in a strip mall .
it fed me twice !
super cheap , super fast and super good .
i then got the triple delight combo .
egg roll was good , and fried rice was terrific .
if in in town again , i will definitely stop in .
fast , friendly and great on pricing !
good call on this place !
this place is awesome .
the staff are super sweet and friendly !
my hubby and will definitely be coming more often to try out different foods !
good inexpensive quality food .
one of the best values out there .
good service .
very friendly staff .
they have good food at great prices .
it 's hot , fresh and lots of it .
just a great place for the time challenged that want a good meal .
it is family owned and run .
i ordered my wedding flowers here and naomi is awesome to work with .
they are a small company but did a fantastic job at a reasonable rate .
thank you so much for everything !
the staff was very nice and welcoming .
great hiking trails .
great place to go exploring , to get away , and to bring out-of-towners !
this is one thing phoenix has done right .
south mountain park is awesome !
great hiking and mountain bike trails .
definitely one of the best places the valley has to offer .
the park itself is so close to everything , yet it is huge .
its a great place to snap a few pics of the enormous city below .
breath taking .
provides killer views of the city .
happy now ?
what a great park .
we really enjoyed this mountain area .
happy trails .
south mountain is the place to go for great views and gorgeous trails .
south mountain makes living in az cool .
drove to the top today and it was well worth it .
it is worth the trip .
great hike with your dog !
what a great idea !
went here at sunset , was cool to see .
a good place to relax .
enjoy and be safe out there !
always something new to see , and explore .
it 's beautiful .
a great place to get away .
this is a great place to hike in the valley !
thanks ben & kevin !
the view is awesome .
the view of the city is spectacular .
very romantic spot .
the people here are also very nice .
by far my favorite place to hike .
it 's quiet and beautiful here .
the trails are well maintained and easy to follow .
great easy hike with a great view at the end !
this hike really gave us a great work out .
the view is amazing overlooking phoenix and the other cities surrounding it .
it 's an extraordinary place to take family members or a significant other .
this place has amazing views of the city .
the best part is it 's free !
been coming every saturday morning for about two months or so .
parking is easy and convenient .
the view from the top is quite amazing !
you really can see the whole valley .
you 'd be surprised how high you are when you finally up get there .
gorgeous - even in the hottest part of a summer 's day .
few services , but great trails - bring water !
yes , we are lucky to have this , literally in our backyard .
i was drenched in sweat by the end but it was so worth it .
you will feel like you worked out enough to enjoy the next three meals .
great , great , great place to hike !
on top of having a great view , its free .
south mountain park is a great place to bring out of town guest .
the reason why i say that is because the view is outstanding .
also i found out that this park is the biggest park in the world .
happy yelping .
really great views of the valley , especially stunning at sunset .
will definitely be back !
peaceful and amazing views .
simply put , i love this park .
everyone seems to be in a good mood ( mostly ) .
stunning .
the best views i 've ever enjoyed !
and the drive is so fun !
it 's right in the middle of the city so it 's very accessible .
this is awesome , i wish i loved closer .
i will recommend this place to anyone that ends up in the area .
i have been running on south mountain now for years .
the trail is clean and offers trails that are easier and more challenging .
what a beautiful place !
nature is a wonderful gift !
hiking always fun !
this park is really fun and is very close to the city .
it 's an amazing view from the top .
love to hit the smaller trails .
i was very impressed with this park .
nice views .
terrific hiking trails .
what i love more is the sunset and the full view at night !
perfect experience !
at the top you are treated to a view of the entire phoenix valley .
amazing views with many trails .
there are picnic tables throughout the park as well .
nothing too difficult , but fun for a good hike with the whole family .
nice trails .
pets are welcomed too !
really enjoyed it !
i love this place !
it 's really nice to do on a cool morning .
you 'll be shoulder to shoulder with someone else !
the ride to the top is great .
awesome view of the valley .
great trails .
so much to see .
breathtaking views .
the ride up is a journey .
it totally gets you in the festive mood !
beautiful trails with many options .
he explains what he 's doing to patients , is gentle and kind .
appointments are recommended , but sometimes they can get you in as a walk-in .
nice enough place .
good fast work and done when promised .
i always go and see scott on bell rd .
fast service and good pricing .
this is the best auto shop in phoenix !
they got my car in right away .
wow !
outstanding service .
i would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends .
i recommend sun devil to all of my friends and family members .
i love this auto shop !
very competitive pricing .
i really like this place .
needless to say , i won the bet .
awesome experience with eric today from check in to pick up of our car .
he was helpful and attentive .
thank you !
great price on a battery .
no charge , very friendly and helpful .
thanks !
great job !
always have done good work on our vehicles !
and very good customer service !
thanks for all you do !
always have great experiences at sun devil in ahwatukee .
today was just another example of great customer service .
great place !
very happy with the work they 've done so far .
i appreciate that they were honest .
great job on my oil change !
the inspection was timely , thorough , and well worth the money spent .
dustin and his team were awesome !
they can have some good deals , you just have to look for them .
good location , friendly staff , easy access .
the employees are funny , sweet , helpful ... and so adorable !
i received personal service , and the cashier was very friendly and chatty .
i love this ace location !
i definitely recommend it !
i love this ace !
the staff goes above and beyond !
one trip to ace and jimmy got it right the first time !
they 've got a loyal customer here !
very helpful associates , always like shopping at ace !
associate sam has helped me through many a project .
the salespeople in this store are so helpful !
wonderful customer service !
they came out right away and it was all replaced the next day .
put your confidence and service needs in the hands of the advanced team .
two thumbs up !
great service !
reliable and friendly .
the price is right ; ) i will go back !
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for quality service .
thanks for all your help !
answers the phone these days , right !
service is super quick .
its economical even without .
the service is wonderful , and the food is fantastic .
service is always very prompt and they 're very nice as well .
brought the wife and kids on a saturday evening and enjoyed the experience .
enjoyed all our dishes of standard chinese fare .
it 's worth a try !
the lunch is super fast , super good , and a reasonable price .
this is a decent little mexican joint with a dash of american .
good burritos , chicken and fajitas .
i always feel comfortable eating here .
wholeheartedly recommend him .
his no-nonsense communication approach makes understanding the issue very easy .
i highly recommend peter to everyone in the valley !
the best chiropractor in arizona !
great guy as well .
i am so grateful i found him , and highly recommend him !
phoenix , you are lucky to have this guy .
truly he is the real deal .
he is the best .
this doc came with a high recommendation from a friend .
i will definitely recommend .
highly recommend .
my visits are becoming farther and farther apart and i feel great !
he knows what he 's talking about .
i totally recommend him to anyone !
thank you !
love dr. pete and dr. amy !
they have a wealth of knowledge to share !
dr. pete and dr. amy are amazing !
thank you for all your help .
the best ones are the honey hot wings .
this place is actually really great .
this little hidden gem deserves more credit than it gets .
very charismatic and funny day bartenders !
great place to watch a game with friends on the weekends !
the wings here are awesome !
the prices are very reasonable , and the service is very good .
food and service was great .
it was clean and bright .
hot wings and there honey hot is good .
wait staff is good .
eat in the bar .
great place for sports and wings .
service was good .
open pretty late which is nice .
my favorite food on earth are native ' s hot wings .
the flavor is the best .
good wings , good beer , what else do u need ?
we had orders of wings and the appetizer sampler .
i love this place on game day !
sunday football and wings here are the best .
great atmosphere , great food and fairly cheep drinks .
i highly recommend this place .
food was good .
great service today and they had several big groups .
i liked it and will be back again .
i love the native new yorker here .
the food was outstanding !
you 'll love them both .
the honey chipotle were good also .
great experience .
enjoy a few for me when you go .
( hint : go for the buffalo and honey hot ) .
great for watching the game .
good food , good beer selection .
pretty cool place .
definitely going back !
the staff is attentive and a chill crowd .
service was quick and i was in and out with my wings and flatbread .
always love this place !
food is very good , waiters are nice .
great food and stuff !
the service was wonderful and we decided to stay after for dinner , yum !
i love there dry rub wings and delicious cocktails .
thanks again michael !
great food and service !
beer is always cold and the staff is friendly and fast !
try the buffalo dip , good stuff !
great wait staff , friendly n polite .
always attentive .
so far so good !
the complex is beautiful and quiet .
the view is beautiful looking out over the freeway .
jessica was absolutely amazing !
great ice cream on a chilly phoenix afternoon .
fast service .
enjoyed a salad too .
great for family and kids .
will have to go back !
i love this bashas everyone is so nice and helpful .
the ups store was a very good experience .
i will definitely go back again ( hopefully better prepared next time ) !
box here for almost _num_ years .
the staff is amazing !
always so friendly and helpful !
they were extremely helpful , friendly .
we will definitely drive the extra _num_ minutes to have such good customer service .
i came in this evening and was helped by three very nice young ladies !
monica , second monica and vanessa !
thanks ladies for all your help , best service in a long time !
love this mail shop .
employees are very helpful .
it 's mcdonalds , that 's why .
its consistent but not great .
this particular mcdonalds is clean and remodeled .
i 'm grateful to have it in the neighborhood .
i am very impressed with how efficient they are .
pretty cool .
decorated nicely , even filled with video games to keep those screaming kids quiet .
clean bathrooms , friendly service ... perfect rest stop .
awesome people work here !
quick service with friendly people .
as always great subs and salads .
especially after a great workout !
love it !
really great subway .
great customer service .
my son and i come here often .
this place was right off the freeway on my way to tucson .
highly recommended !
they were quick and price was right .
thank you !
my fiancee and i have been absolutely amazed with our experience .
from the minute you walk in the door , you feel welcome .
he 's the nicest and most knowledgeable jeweler i 've ever encountered .
overall , i 've received great service and great value at michael 's .
kudos to randy and michael 's creative jewelry for a job well done .
this place is amazing !
i had a nice experience here .
great extra effort on his part !
i recommend this place to anyone who is questionable .
everytime i 've been here they 've done an excellent job .
they pay close attention to detail and my car comes out looking great .
i will continue to come here on a regular basis .
thank you for the extra effort !
excellent place .
this places nigiri is amazing .
this is exactly why i love this place !
the baked scallops roll is phenomenal too .
i really had a nice time .
this is my favorite sushi restaurant .
i enjoyed my meal here thoroughly .
the spicy tuna was quite tasty as well .
i went with a client and it was a good setting for talking .
the service was quick and efficient , friendly .
best sushi in town .
huge rolls , and unique ones too .
it is usually a special on the board behind the sushi bar .
totally good !
tasty food .
great unobtrusive service .
very , very good overall !
i enjoy going here .
the food is pretty good ( in comparison to other phoenician sushi restaurants ) .
this is some good sushi .
reasonably priced , and the staff is always super attentive .
order the baked scallop roll and the ahi salad - you will be happy .
but if you order the two items mentioned above , you will be happy .
sashimi portions are large and fresh .
salmon dynamite is good as well .
the rolls are great though and they will make substitutions .
excellent quality , great prices and large portions !
all of the staff is very friendly and outgoing .
definitely one of our favorite sushi restaurants in the valley .
a great spot for lunch .
i enjoyed sakana very much !
the place was lively and the sushi that kept passing by me looked amazing !
for this reason , i really enjoyed their yellowtail sashimi above all else .
the price is very reasonable as well .
very good and high quality sushi .
the place was very clean and the staff quite friendly and helpful .
i 'll definitely go back .
it 's great sushi at a great price .
friendly service and fresh fish .
the last two were really good .
tuna and yellowtail was good .
now my outing to phoenix is complete .
i have been to sakana twice and really enjoyed what i had .
i had the dynamite crazy fire roll and it was delicious .
the best sushi that i have been around along with excellent service .
and am i ever happy i did !
outstanding !
that 's the good stuff .
good quality great portion sizes and good prices .
their sashimi plates are unparalleled in value .
sakana is one of ahwatukee 's best kept secrets for true sushi lovers !
good choice for an affordable sushi dinner .
portions and quality are good .
we ordered way too much food , but it was all very tasty .
love this place !
sushi bar good for dates or table for family .
try the baked scallop roll , it 's the best !
the food was amazing !
the frozen oranges were the perfect after dinner treat !
this is my favorite sushi spot .
great for a date , or even just lunch .
best value sushi in town .
very good , very fresh .
nice prices .
sakana rocks !
fresh , fun , friendly .
prices are good and lunch specials even better .
what can i say , it 's a tasty local sushi joint .
very affordable and tasty , they have something for everyone .
we try the best we can !
all the specialty rolls are amazing .
also their specialty drinks are awesome and pretty big as well .
this is a must !
by far my favorite sushi place !
fish is so fresh , and portion are large , just a great value .
this place is great .
i always go here for lunch , and they have great lunch specials .
the staff is friendly and food is a great value .
thanks !
always pleased .
good portions of fish in rolls .
the complimentary 1/2 orange for each of us for dessert was a nice touch .
lots of folks enjoying sushi , looked good .
the fish is so tender and fresh !
fresh !
what a fantastic place !
i made sure to leave a nice tip due to the great service .
this location is so worth the trip !
service was _num_ stars and quite frankly the attention to detail is excellent .
great value for the dollar .
tempura for lunch was great .
the service was beyond great !
great lunch specials !
the best green tea ever !
love this place .
always great fast service .
love this place !
great fresh sushi !
i love this place .
they give you really nice sized sushi rolls and at an affordable price .
it 's priced fair and the fish is so fresh .
great food and service .
fresh daily special creations and old favorites for sushi lovers .
this sushi was surprising and amazing !
it was kinda messy but so worth it !
nice size portion on the starter ( twice the size of ra ) .
the california roll was excellent also .
all in all , we definitely enjoyed our dinner and will return .
really good lunch specials .
it also comes with salad and soup .
it fills you up and tastes great .
our server was really helpful and had some great suggestions .
we had a fun meal here !
i ordered california roll and salmon sushi , which was fresh and tasty .
the staff was friendly and service was excellent .
both were delicious .
kept us entertained and even let my boyfriend try one of his moves .
the food was delicious , especially the steak and the salmon .
i loved how interactive the chef was .
will definitely be going back .
always consistent .
i had forgotten that this is an ahwatukee gem !
we are all sashimi fans and this place is reasonable with fresh fish !
we will definitely be back soon , we all thoroughly enjoyed the experience !
`` ramon '' behind the sushi bar was extremely efficient and friendly !
love it !
the nigiri selection was fresh and tasty .
fresh fish , big portions and fair prices .
all of these were good .
sakana is better than decent .
i really like this place .
their happy hour is awesome , with complimentary miso soups .
and pretty good sushi !
i definitely recommend .
ramon was amazing !
he was friendly , knowledgable and very gracious .
the food was outstanding , atmosphere was casual and comfortable .
we will definitely return and will recommend this restaurant .
the staff are very friendly and the environment is nice .
my family and i go here at least once a wee .
probably one of the best sushi places i 've ever been too !
we will definitely come again .
they have a cool japanese style way to celebrate birthdays !
fresh and delicious sushi .
the staff is also very friendly such a great bonus .
amazing as always !
i been going here for years and i love it .
not surprised as it always tastes fresh and mouth watering .
the best thing about this place is the delicious food at a great price .
highly recommended .
`` japanese '' food arizona style .
the fish is good and the service is friendly .
great sushi .
good atmosphere .
get there early as there is always a line !
pretty solid sushi place .
ginger was very fresh and you could taste the difference .
overall though a great experience .
service was excellent .
also the price was very reasonable for the size of the rolls .
will return again on our next visit to az .
place is tacky in areas , but the food and service are fantastic .
if the decor was better it would be a perfect date place .
one of the best all round sushi places .
great tasting special rolls ( salmon dynamite is really good and different ) .
place is decent inside , dark and kinda getting old but not dirty .
i highly recommend the lunch bento boxes .
i highly recommend this place !
yummy and great !
awesome rolls .
it 's always delicious !
this place is packed on the weekends !
good food & service is great .
some co-workers brought me here for lunch and i enjoyed it very much .
the service was good and the food was even better !
the staff is very friendly and the food is really reasonably priced .
sakana is by far the best sushi i 've had in the valley !
i 've always had great food and good service here .
sushi bar , table , or teppan , it 's all good .
but the sushi is amazing !
such great prices and good portions , yummm .
great service , amazing food .
the baked scallops were delicious .
best quality of fish that i 've had out here .
a bit pricey but completely worth every penny .
i enjoy their specials .
my boyfriend loves the fish eggs and uni !
the service is what impressed me right off the bat .
bravo sakana - you won a fan !
awesome food .
happy hour is is awesome and easy on the pocket .
i love this place .
great sushi and near the apartment so very convenient .
love the atmosphere and the service was well .
oh yeah !
the best so far that i 've had in the phoenix valley .
this is definitely one of the best sushi restaurant i have ever eaten at .
one of the best experiences i have known in the us .
french sushi restaurants should take this one as an example of perfection .
i love this place .
one of my favorite sushi bars in town !
thanks for the great sushi and keep it up !
i travel weekly and this is in my top two of all time .
delicious !
i loved this place .
another great suggestion chris b , you da man !
especially liked the red dragon roll and seared tuna roll .
the tuna was seared perfectly , next time we 'll order two .
the outside seating was nice and the food is great .
flavors were great !
creative rolls .
very fresh fish .
i found this as the best place till now in the valley for japanese .
food is fresh especially the sakana lunch is the best till now here .
prices are a bit high but the quantities they provide are huge !
i love sakana !
the staff is always friendly , welcoming , and quick .
the food is always good , never once had a bad experience !
love coming back to this place .
servers are very friendly and service is pretty fast !
food is pretty decent .
they are pretty thick cut and tasted fresh and moist , not chewy .
delicious .
great sushi and salmon and fantastic service .
total neighborhood spot and love that it is keeping true to what it does .
if you keep that in mind you might find it pretty good .
the atmosphere is pleasant and the service is always friendly .
the price is very reasonable and they seem to have a loyal following .
it 's definitely one of ahwatukee 's better attractions .
the california roll is amazingly smooth and tastes extremely fresh .
the rolls surprised me and for the price , it was a great deal .
i also had the ramen and that was so tasty and different .
this place is a great destination for dinner !
my favorite go to place for sushi !
excellent for large groups for birthday parties , etc .
and the teppan tables .
ramon is awesome and is always happy to create unique rolls for us .
i really like this place we go here all the time .
reasonable prices and great specials for lunch .
all things considered , it 's a great place to eat !
great sushi ... great teppan .
great happy hour for appetizers and drinks .
good food and a fun experience too !
that 's how you know a place is great !
it ends up being so good .
absolutely delicious .
good .
both times i was there the service was fine .
the hostess was really nice and friendly .
my favorite sushi restaurant in phoenix .
amazing value during lunch , too .
highly recommended !
great food , great service , great time .
enough to share and we still took some home .
mike is a super waiter .
it was our first time here and he was very helpful and patient .
it was nice while it lasted .
love this place !
phenomenal restaurant .
waitstaff is friendly and efficient .
i will absolutely be back !
the sushi is good and they have a great happy hour .
the entire dining experience is simply outstanding .
be sure to leave a solid tip .
love going to this place when i fly into arizona from california .
best deal on fresh sushi in the entire country .
this place is one of the absolute best parts of coming to arizona .
the service is excellent and the lunch special is the best .
i highly recommend the sakana lunch for lunch specials .
simply the best without question .
very quick and attentive .
i 'll give it another shot .
absolutely the best service and food i have had in south phoenix .
the quality of the fish is exceptional .
this is the best sushi restaurant in phoenix , hands down .
very fresh and flavorful sushi among other entres .
presentation of service and food is phenomenal !
amazing experience !
this restaurant has some of the best sushi around .
it 's always amazing and fresh .
always love going here .
i would definitely recommend .
for the area this is a great lunch spot for sushi .
they always have fresh fish and a very clean establishment .
our favorite sushi place in all of phoenix !
fresh fish , big portions , good prices and unique dishes .
been my family 's go to sushi spot for a decade .
awesome lunch special .
great sushi , unique rolls , classic rolls , and fresh ingredients .
shrimp tempura is also one of my favorites .
seared ahi tuna on green salad was very good .
tasted great !
fantastic sushi and good service .
this restaurant is always a good choice .
this is the best sushi i have ever had .
the fish is amazingly fresh , try the spicy edamame , oysters are great .
i really love sakana !
so delicious !
good deals and quick service .
this is our favorite sushi place in the valley .
excellent place !
great service even better food !
fresh and friendly i 'll be coming back !
the serving portions at this place is great !
the quality of the food is even better .
thanks a bunch !
thank god !
i moved to ahwatukee recently and i needed a hair cut .
the girls that work there are great .
pretty standard place ... nice people , good cuts .
for the coupon prices it is well worth it .
amazing when it was open .
i like this place because i have always had such wonderful service here .
they move people in and out quickly and the food is pretty tasty .
i added hashbrowns to top it off with hot tea .
breakfast is served !
pancakes are sooo good !
love the pancakes .
love the coffee .
overall , this is my favorite `` fast food '' joint .
she was as sweet as the pancakes , and courteous from start to finish .
just had an amazing breakfast and received great customer service .
everything was great !
staff is always very nice .
food is great .
better then a lot of other ihop locations .
it 's a popular place , so expect a small wait on saturday mornings .
i love ihop !
food is always fresh and made to order .
prices are also just right .
staff is very friendly and quick service .
thank you ihop !
wow !
the breakfast was delicious and the service was friendly .
i would recommend a visit to this ihop any day .
this location is friendly and fast .
the food is prepared well and the prices ca n't be beat .
our server was aj , he was fantastic .
he went above and beyond to make this a memorable experience .
he was fast , friendly , and always had a smile on his face .
wonderful breakfast experience !
the restaurant is super clean , spotless actually , and the service was fantastic .
the hostess greeted us promptly with a smile , and our waiter was great .
he was friendly , attentive , and took great care of us .
breakfast was delicious and so was the coffee .
best ihop i have ever been to .
thanks !
she was so awesome and sweet !
thank you for an amazing breakfast !
staff was nice , polite and very friendly .
loved the pancakes !
i came here last night with my friends around 11pm .
good food .
we always sit in the bar area and it is usually available right away .
it 's pretty pack in the mornings .
i do n't drink beer but i enjoy the food .
decent food and relaxed environment make this place easy to enjoy .
and they hit the spot .
great food excellent service .
the kids did the make your own pizza .
they loved it , as did their parents .
our service was great !
we were a handful for any server , but `` kitten '' was great .
our daughter has more fun making it !
our son has more fun eating it , and his sister 's left overs !
we like it so much we often order for pickup on long days !
please support them .
they have the most delicious bagel sandwiches anywhere !
delicious bagels and cream cheese .
this place always hits the spot .
i also enjoy their veggie sandwich and roast beef sandwich .
this is a great family-run bagel shop .
good coffee and the lox is good .
fresh bagel sandwiches are the best !
fresh brewed tea is fantastic .
you are always greeted with a smile .
thanks for all the great bagels !
love bagel nosh !
the staff is so friendly and of course the food is delicious !
it 's a good start to a day i would say .
great selection of fresh bagels ( i love the salt w/ lox ) .
best pancakes !
they 're newly remodeled and better than ever .
great food , great people !
staff is super friendly and quick .
amazing bagels and a great staff .
i always get the build your bagel sandwich it 's heaven !
they have really good coffee as well !
the staff , for the most part , is friendly and helpful .
free wi-fi is a plus !
this place is amazing .
the bagels are a great way to go as well .
they have a good selection of bagels and they taste so fresh .
everything is great here and wide selection of not only breakfast but lunch .
enjoy !
i love bagel nosh !
fantastic menu with lots of variety !
i highly recommend the dill garlic feta cream cheese !
it is wonderful and full of flavor .
you wont turn back !
great place for a simple bagel and cream cheese or yummy lunch sandwich !
great food !
thanks nosh for stepping up !
the bagels are very tasty and the cream cheese is even tastier .
the prices are very affordable and the service has always been exceptional .
their bagels are great , but the place is packed on weekend mornings .
great bagel place !
the staff is always friendly and efficient .
the nosh is as good as it gets .
which i love !
this is a good breakfast place .
best bagel that i have had so far in phoenix .
love this place , something new and delicious every time we come .
everything about this place is great .
the coffee is spectacular .
the food is healthy and fresh .
customer service is great .
friendly staff that will always go the extra mile to satisfy guests .
tasty place !
definitely the best bagel place around !
their cream cheeses are really good !
but the rest is good enough to overlook that fact .
good prices , good portions , good food .
service is very fast and coffee tasty .
once i tried my food i was very pleased .
but good over all .
will definitely return since we do n't have places like this in maricopa .
i ordered the pancakes and potatoes ( see pictures ) .
the pancakes were really good .
make sure you ask for an extra syrup as well .
we always share a bagel breakfast sandwich and a banana nut bagel .
the long lines are completely worth it .
my favorite place to go after an early morning weekend run .
delicious bagels , awesome staff , friendly owner .
my favorite place in ahwatukee !
the other breakfast items are all top notch as well .
friends always tell me the coffee is choice too !
this was our first visit to the nosh , and we really enjoyed it .
it was n't as crispy as i prefer , but i still enjoyed it .
i also had an iced coffee , which was pretty good .
i love the nosh .
delicious !
great bagels , always baked fresh .
staff is always friendly .
i will definitely be eating here again .
love this place !
the butter was very good with some flavoring to it .
my toddler even loved the hash browns and pancakes .
i think we found our new sunday breakfast spot .
the food is always fast and good !
flavor was great .
this place has the best food in town .
huge sandwiches with the tastiest bacon .
the nosh is the spot .
great people , great service and great food .
everything is wonderful .
awesome !
the lox works bagel sandwich is off the charts .
super friendly staff , relaxed atmosphere and great food .
great breakfast place !
all the workers were friendly and efficient and the bagels were fantastic !
best bagel place in ahwatukee !
an example is their bagel and lox .
oh , and they have great coffee !
great salads for a bagel shop !
fresh and full of a variety of vegetables .
their tuna salad is much better than average .
it looks delicious !
friendly and fast service .
thanks nosh ... .
the food here is very tasty and service is quick .
i love the nosh !
the people are friendly , and i felt so welcomed .
nothing beats a cheese bagel with sweet habanero on a warm sunday morning .
i chose the south mountain burro which hit the spot perfectly .
the most important thing for me was the coffee .
delicious house coffee - apparently roasted locally so that 's a winner : ) .
so far just had the bagels but they were great .
it 's clean , quaint and overall adorable .
sad im leaving tomorrow or i would go back again .
everyone is very friendly .
the food is awesome .
the bacon egg and cheese on a bagel is very good .
best bagels & breakfast in ahwatukee , by far .
a loyal customer , other area restaurants do not have the family service .
family friendly owned .
love this place !
they also make great omelettes and bagel sandwiches .
i will keep coming back !
great burrito and the menu had several other great looking items .
great find when i am in town .
it is a local business .
the nosh 's bagels are big , light , and fresh .
and the place is kept spot-on clean and organized .
will have to return often to check it all out .
good little cafe for breakfast , can be crowded but it 's pretty fast .
amazing breakfast !
get anything you want - everything is great .
they 're perfection .
a great breakfast , fresh , good quality , large portions !
lots of variety of bagels baked fresh daily !
great little local breakfast/lunch place .
all of it was pretty good .
decent size portions for the price .
nice job !
delicious food !
staff is friendly and helpful .
soooooo good !
recently just tried the south mountain burrito which was incredibly delicious !
great little place for breakfast .
nice staff , clean location , would recommend .
really good bagel breakfast sandwich .
if you like lox bagels then you 'll love this place .
ron got the breakfast burrito which rocked !
favorite breakfast spot , the lox and jalapeo bagel is glorious .
iced americano with cream is strong but smooth .
they have a good choice of bagels .
the staff are courteous and give you good options to choose .
but the taste was good .
it 's been a good experience each and every one of them .
love this place .
still love it .
great breakfast , big servings , very clean , good service .
the nosh cafe will be our regular spot for breakfast !
it 's hardly phenomenal but it 's a good option for brunch .
these were simply incredible .
a lot of food for a great price .
definitely will want to go and enjoy again next time i 'm in phoenix .
it 's super scrumptious !
i will definitely be coming back .
good service too .
the food is amazing and the staff is awesome !
i love this place .
excellent owners .
my favorite place for breakfast .
friendly staff and great food .
please expand the location or move to larger one .
the food here is amazing .
this is our first time but we will definitely come back .
both were delicious and fresh .
great lunch spot .
free wifi is great too .
the gal at the counter was very nice and full of energy .
it was delivered hot , tasty and fluffy .
got the steak skillet rare and over easy eggs .
great .
delicious !
the staff was also friendly and helpful !
i 'm very impressed !
great find !
the food here is absolutely wonderful .
the best place for lox and bagels .
the owner works is tail off to make this place a success .
i highly recommend this place but get there early .
it gets crowded fast as most good places do .
eating some of the most fresh crepes i 've ever had in my life !
what a cute little local bagel shop in ahwatukee !
the food was decent and well priced .
they even cooked my egg over medium ... fantastic !
i would highly recommend the nosh !
first time here this morning and it 's a great place for breakfast .
nice sized menu and the house coffee was very good .
i had the chicken sausage scramble and it was excellent .
large portion and cooked perfectly .
everything seemed fresh .
sat outside and enjoyed the perfect late april weather .
in town on business and was looking for a good breakfast place .
great food with big portions , clean restaurant , and good customer service !
i highly recommend this place !
very friendly ( and attentive ) service .
great food .
our omelette and burrito were top notch !
great breakfast !
we also had a side of biscuits and gravy and it was very good .
i also ordered an iced coffee , very good .
definitely will be back !
they have amazing prices for the portion sizes !
their pancakes are delicious as well , and are served with almond butter !
it was a decent pile of bacon on there and perfectly crispy .
man , i love this place !
had the best breakfast here .
best brunch in a long time !
everything was real good .
more than reasonable pricing as well .
friendly staff i was impressed .
i rate the food as followed .
excellent service as always .
best swirl cones in town .
i always get free blizzards !
the customer service is fantastic !
the inside seemed clean and the outside landscaping was very pretty !
give them a chance to earn your business !
thanks ray ... .
kind and professional .
i 'm happy with the service !
bathrooms super clean too .
thanks !
these guys come across as trustworthy , honest and reliable .
great service with these guys !
always great to come here .
helpful and knowledgeable .
their techs are good and take the time to explain everything .
it is good working with them on my truck !
always helpful and fast service .
i felt special .
thank you for the great experience .
the customer service here was great .
if you live in this area , please stop in a see these guys .
important for those like me on a family budget .
thanks guys .
great guy with a positive attitude !
many thanks !
i absolutely adore this place .
: ) quiet out of the way and quaint .
beautiful setting , great atmosphere !
worth the price , cheaper than starbucks and tastes better !
there are chairs and booths , the espresso bar is actually a bar .
its spacious and delicious .
check it out !
silky lattes , friendly service , and no corporate vibe .
exactly what i look for in a coffee shop !
love them .
i am loyal !
yummy bagels !
the iced teas are all awesome , and their coffees are tasty !
honestly , this is a great complex .
we have been here for _num_ years & this is a great complex .
lovely property , no serious maintenance issues , and wonderful staff .
well built complex with excellent pools .
they grounds are clean , they take great care of the property .
my kids love it here .
i moved in here first week of april .
the complex is nice and clean .
i love it here !
fast and friendly maintenance team , office staff and manager are helpful and knowledgeable .
finally ... a mexican chain restaurant that i really like !
great food .
my personal favorite is the chimichanga , which is amazing .
my wife tried the chili relleno last time and that was delicious as well .
their free chips and salsa are delicious too .
really good happy hour too !
one word wonderful !
best salsa in az !
i 'm a native and macayo 's is top _num_ in the state .
delicious , one of the best mexican food places around .
great chips and salsa for free and the shredded beef chimichanga is incredible !
the food here was great !
if you love mexican food , this is a great pick !
food was really good !
came here for date night last night and it was amazing .
we ordered and our food was hot and amazing !
everything about this place is great !
we love macayos !
it 's our family fav spot !
love the excellent service and delicious food !
it was a great pleasure to have him at our table .
i will continue to go back for years to come !
great food and service .
good vegetarian options as well .
a rare combo in the food service world .
great food and if i were you ask for mike or ashley 's station .
the food is delicious - love the baja sauce !
great place ! '
great mexican comfort food !
service was quick and friendly , and the food was great !
great chips and salsa and awesome cucumber and cilantro margaritas .
we had excellent customer service .
randomly stopped at this place and checked it out .
good decision .
the food was great .
the staff was super nice .
check it out !
good mexican food .
my husband did the fajita quesadilla and said it was pretty good !
staff was friendly !
bartenders are real nice , prefer sitting in that area for better service .
wonderful food , wonderful service !
and the margarita was perfect .
very pleased , and priced about $ _num_ .
always great food !
the service was very attentive .
the people were very nice .
the food was great .
the tortilla soup was delicious and so were the refried beans .
it 's amazing !
try the happy hour in the cantina for great drink and appetizer specials .
best chips and salsa and incredible customer service .
the cheese crisp and fajitas are my favorites .
pleasantly surprised !
lately it 's been great though .
they were great !
i had steak fajitas which arrived sizzling hot and were perfectly made .
we 'll definitely be heading back !
love everything about this practice !
this is the best dental office ever !
tiffany is awesome and so is her mother and sister .
best dentist ever !
stacey and her team are great at their jobs .
i highly recommend living here .
this place is absolutely wonderful !
the staff are all caring professionals .
the ladies in the office are absolutely the best .
great place !
the food is always good and the staff are so friendly and welcoming .
they have great , refreshing iced tea .
it 's just your basic tea , but it 's always good .
pretty much any dish you order will be good .
a lot of their dishes are loaded with bits of garlic .
they have great lunch specials and their prices are very reasonable .
they have a good selection of sake and beer as well .
this is my favorite chinese restaurant and hope everyone else checks it out .
they have really good lunch specials and the food is always fresh .
i love this place , service and food is excellent .
good times .
the service is super fast and very friendly .
the food is fresh and delicious .
the prices are great and have daily specials .
fast ... .
scrumptious ... and great price !
love this place !
the food & service here is consistantly awesome !
a solid lunch .
well worth it .
consistently had a great experience and great food here .
very good asian food .
the ingredients are very fresh and flavorful .
love the shrimp fried rice as well .
great family owned place .
good service .
food is pretty good here !
love the fact that it 's family owned !
this restaurant is great .
good food , fair prices , great service .
the food is always fresh .
it is never greasy and always comes out hot .
the staff is friendly too !
yes the lunch portions are smaller but it 's also cheaper .
best lo mein anywhere in this town !
they deliver as well .
the tea was good as well .
still great food , i have tried many of the menu items .
delicious !
food is very good .
staff is very friendly .
definitely will be going back often .
nice little restaurant .
really good quality chicken .
i love this restaurant !
and they deliver !
they are quick , authentic , and tasty .
this place is great !
the prices are fair , for the amount of food that they give you .
this is my new favorite place for chinese food .
great food and service .
which was also perfect .
highly recommended .
i ordered the orange chicken and it was the best i 've ever had !
i also ordered the cream cheese puffs and they were good as well .
i will definitely be ordering again .
i will definitely be ordering from them again !
definitely great food and service !
i will definitely eat here again .
reasonable prices and great service !
my favorite chinese place !
great for super fast delivery & everything on the menu is delicious !
the volcano is a fun drink , but they also have an open bar .
this is a great family owned chinese restaurant .
the sesame chicken is excellent ( if ordered extra crispy ) .
the place is very clean and the staff is friendly .
i really enjoyed their food here .
food was exceptional !
the happy family is amazingly good .
food was good .
the sweet and sour chicken was cooked perfectly !
i 'd highly recommend this restaurant !
the owners are really friendly .
it 's always the nice chinese man that takes me order .
love it love it love it .
lots of fun and i learned a huge amount of information !
got ta love lucy 's !
check it out , it 's fun !
this place is best when you can sit outside in cool weather .
bruschetta ( traditional ) is perfect w/ drink .
they have an awesome selection of vino , and an amazing menu .
my food favorites on the menu are the pizzas , a culinary masterpiece !
i love their bruschetta 's .
professional and knowledgeable .
the owners are great .
it was good when i first started going , and now it is great !
great happy hour , great vibe and bar .
very chill & just perfect for conversation , food , & of course wine .
patio is fantastic ... & the live music on weekends is great !
sweet spot in ahwatukee .
this place is so unpretentious , it 's a breath of fresh air .
this place has everything for the perfect date .
i will be back !
they have an excellent selection of wine and a few local beers on tap .
they also have a great food menu .
i really enjoyed our experience and definitely will be going there again .
one of the gems of ahwatukee !
i love the atmosphere here .
the food is delicious .
i really enjoy this place .
this is pretty darn good for having been there several times .
everything i have eaten there has been enjoyable .
it is also fabulous to go there with girl friends .
i love coming here for an after work drink in a relaxing environment .
the staff has always been incredibly friendly and attentive .
i sit on the patio almost every time and love it .
this place is amazing !
... we highly recommend it !
sarah , the executive chef , makes everything so delicious .
they have some really cool beers ... more than your typical selections .
that 's worth _num_ stars alone .
food has been great and the patio has a chill vibe .
the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly .
amazing staff and great wine selection !
one of my favorite places to relax on any night .
great place for happy hour , good selection on wine and beer .
the staff is also very friendly .
the new patio seating is fabulous on a cool valley night .
it was sooo much fun and i learned so much .
the women who taught the class was great .
great place !
i love that they feature wines from `` the little guys . ''
small business supporting small business ... totally awesome in my eyes !
excellent wine list , great food and a friendly , knowledgeable staff .
love the wine selection and live music on friday 's and saturdays .
great wine bar but so far the food has just been okay .
we selected a variety of wines and each one was lovely .
a great experience !
great service , friendly staff , great food and excellent atmosphere .
this will be a regular spot !
overall , it 's a nice local hangout .
what a neat little gem this place proved to be .
not sure really what to expect but it was a great call !
our waitress was extremely friendly and very timely in her service .
they had a great wine selection with very reasonable prices .
i would highly recommend this for a relaxing evening out .
first time there and it was great .
thanks for a wonderful evening .
she is very knowledgable and always makes great recommendations .
the food 's great , too .
great staff , interesting food , and wine at an incredible value .
the best $ 5-7 pours you can find probably anywhere .
take the wine classes if you can , fun and educational .
awesome service , food and atmosphere !
favorite wine hangout in ahwatukee .
awesome vibe and super fun locals .
are fun , unpretentious , and truly customer service oriented .
she deserves a raise !
highly recommend their monthly wine club .
had a wonderful party at this place last night for a friend .
the food was creative and wonderful and the wine was the perfect temp .
the staff was very good and professional .
love this place !
bruschetta is soo good !
just wish happy hour was longer .
we love this place !
such an awesome atmosphere .
great music , great food and great wine - what more do you need ?
definitely recommend it .
it 's a great way to meet new people .
you should definitely check it out !
this place is perfect for a date night !
such a great little place !
went here for happy hour with my mom and sister .
overall , i definitely recommend !
such a cute place !
love the atmosphere and the art work .
it 's very cozy and comfortable .
staff is excellent and knowledgable .
flatbread was fantastic .
very cute and great atmosphere .
this is an awesome wine bar with great food , music and atmosphere !
the staff is very friendly and provide great service .
also a great place for a saturday date night .
first time here and it was outstanding .
great atmosphere and service .
the food was delicious .
the staff is super friendly and always has their best interest for their customers .
the food is yummy and make sure you check out the daily specials board !
a great neighborhood spot !
by far my favorite place to frequent .
shout out to wine cellar , you ladies are the best !
their bruschetta is good and the wine flows .
the food is great and pairs well with the extensive wine list .
there were mostly couples and the place had a good mellow vibe .
it was a delight .
the bartender was a gem and she was very knowledgeable about the wine selection .
i love this place !
the staff was the best .
i highly recommend my wine cellar .
love it !
was fantastic !
the happy hour food specials were tasty and delicious & an excellent value .
overall one of the best wine bars i have ever gone to !
overall a great experience !
i love this place !
i love this place .
they have such a friendly and welcoming staff .
i love it here and also really awesome happy hour deals .
love it !
great date night place .
the live music was great too !
i have been here multiple times and the service is always exceptional .
loved this place !
great vibe , decor and most importantly wine selection .
really cool and cozy place .
spent the entire evening there with friends and enjoyed the food too .
highly recommend !
it has a fun patio with golf course views and a warm environment .
the back patio is so lovely with the lights and golf course view .
great wine & beer selection - there was something for everyone .
we will definitely be back soon !
everyone here is friendly & fun !
great wine selection and good food .
they have a really nice patio & live music fri and sat .
i would also recommend taking advantage of their monthly wine club .
great view , loved the patio !
wine and beer selections are solid .
comfortable setting , great service , amazing food , breathtaking views .
all on one spot .
absolutely a great place to wind down .
highly recommended during happy hour .
prices and variety are unreal .
enjoy !
first time in and had an amazing experience .
happened to be restaurant week and the three course meal was delicious .
service was great and fantastic live music on the patio .
definitely recommend !
first and foremost , i keep coming back because of the staff .
second , i love the atmosphere .
finally , i come back for the attention to quality .
they sweat the details on food and wine , and it pays off .
the wine was delicious and the service was pleasant and welcoming .
the place is romantic and stress free .
i always like coming here .
the environment is always relaxing and the staff is amazing .
they have the best meat and cheese boards as well !
there was live music outside , great food , good wine .
there 's a bar , elegant lighting .
friendly staff .
wine and food was great and they have happy hour pricing until _num_ !
great neighborhood wine bar with great food .
the chef creates inventive delicious specials each week .
great music on the weekends too !
it was awesome !
but i also have taken their wine classes here !
so glad i chose here to do it !
very good place to be !
fine wine selection .
i was very impressed at their delicious selection of food and beverages .
the service , food , and drinks were amazing !
my friends and i really enjoyed our time here .
service was very friendly and attentive .
i 'll definitely go back soon .
the atmosphere is comfortable and the service is great .
it 's local and close to home .
nice neighborhood hangout .
this place also has great happy hour pricing .
great wine selection , friendly atmosphere and great happy hour specials .
a friend took me here for a simple girls chat session ... amazing !
amazing !
our first time here was wonderful .
delicious food and wine with cool live music .
what a great spot !
we ordered the regular fries with house made curry ketchup , delicious !
another great find !
killer food , great bar , and perfect music .
by far the best place to go for everything flooring in phoenix .
you will be treated as if you are family .
not only were they very professional but also affordable !
traci followed up with our office by stopping by personally !
thanks traci !
quality business , great people from owner , manager and installers .
wow !
incredible staff and they do such an amazing job !
kudos to you traci and staff for the wonderful job you guys do !
carpet buying made easy , wow !
she came out , measured and delivered on time , as promised .
the installers were extremely professional .
i love my new floors !
they took very good care when moving my furniture .
great experience !
it 's a beautiful well kept property .
i was very happy with my experience and will definitely be coming back .
thanks again !
friendly , knowledgable and put together several options .
the staff was super friendly and took great care of us .
thank you for such a great experience !
service was excellent .
definitely a cut above what you find in department stores selling suits .
pistachio ice cream is the truth !
the water tastes great here and i could n't ask for more .
love this location !
definitely a place that i recommend !
folks are always great and a neighborhood feel .
water is amazing and the place is always clean !
prices are very reasonable and seem to be consistent .
people are helpful and very pleasant to deal with .
shave ice is generous and yummy .
it is safe , family-friendly with nice green areas and pool .
the complex is kept up beautifully .
the pool area is perfection and the rest of the amenities are tip top .
and nothing compares to the sandy beach at the pool ... definitely recommend !
this place is beautiful and very safe .
i highly recommend this company to everyone .
he enjoyed the school and his teachers very much .
consummate professionals .
no-nonsense is most accurate description of these plumbers .
pleasure dealing with them .
, courteous , efficient , professional .
i recommend them to everyone , including my boss .
thanks for your help !
highly recommended and very professional .
wonderful customer service .
on time and did an excellent job with repair and installation .
definitely will use when we do our bathroom remodel .
they did a great job .
will definitely use them again .
super nice .
outstanding !
response time is excellent .
conscientious and professional service .
highly recommend .
excellent !
i highly recommend them .
they are honest , professional and genuinely good people .
highly recommend this company !
and are very professional .
thank you matt !
you saved the day today !
i would recommend his business to anybody .
richard and matt are simply the best .
friendly staff , very attentive .
sophisticated , intimate , romantic atmosphere and attentive staff .
the whole experience is decadent and worth every penny .
i love the melting pot .
wow !
this place has just the right atmosphere for a good night out .
the food was excellent and so was our waiter !
it was a very creative and well presented drink that had me all smiles .
this is such a fun date restaurant .
they have booths with curtains so you can ... feed each other !
strawberries in dark chocolate fondue is also wonderful .
i went to happy hour this evening with two girlfriends .
this may be one of the best happy hours in ahwatukee .
the spinach and artichoke is pretty good , and the desert is always amazing .
the bar tender said it rarely fills up !
jeremy was our server and he was great !
atmosphere is great for special occasions .
the food is fresh and the service always friendly .
fondue is fun !
visited for the first time last night and it was delicious .
we left very full and quite happy .
the atmosphere in the bar is romantic and quiet .
: ) ) the staff made the whole experience even more enjoyable for me .
thank you .
this trip to the melting pot was an adventure into the unknown .
went with my bf , and a friend , for a bday celebration .
otherwise , good food and fun experience to go with friends .
it will be in the potential date night rotation in the future .
but the experience is definitely worth it .
this one stands apart for its service .
we had a fantastic time and every single person wished her a happy birthday .
it was very sweet .
this is a great restaurant for special occasions .
i love the experience of fondue as well as the variety of flavors .
our waiter was knowledgeable , friendly and very professional .
we are going to make you our annual celebration spot !
great happy hour specials !
great meal great service .
wife and i came here tonight for our anniversary and had a great experience .
even the music was perfect .
i was very surprised .
prices are n't cheap so be ready but well worth it .
great place for a date night !
i recommend going for drinks and dessert .
a bit overpriced for melted cheese , but always tasty .
staff is always friendly and helpful .
as always amazing !
the service was amazing !
the ravioli was wonderful .
he says `` what a great meal for $ _num_ ! ''
jennifer was our very entertaining server .
all in all a great meal and loved the dessert !
took the wife here for date night , love the food here !
service is world class .
what a fun date .
it was my first time having fondue but it was worth every penny .
desert was phenomenal and a great way to end the meal .
would certainly recommend this dining experience .
we had a great time for our anniversary !
the fondue was amazing .
we went with the endless fondue , and that was a great choice !
delicious !
the food was delicious !
we added our own desserts with the curtains closed ... lol .
very fun !
we had a great experience !
this is a really nice place to go for special occasions .
the booths are so private with the curtains and the service is excellent !
the food is amazing and the experience is unique .
this place is amazing , not too mention delicious !
highly recommend especially for a celebration of any kind .
it was excellent .
this is my husbands and my favorite place to eat !
the food is delicious !
love this place !
as always great service and food !
love this place .
great for couples and the best cheese and chocolate !
the prices are great and the server angie always takes good care of me .
this treatment is exactly what will keep me coming back to this melting pot .
it was our first time here and everything was fantastic !
the food was incredible !
it 's like heaven in your mouth !
the ultimate in fine dining !
the atmosphere , food , and staff were incredible !
what an amazing experience .
great for a party of _num_ people !
i would recommend the melting pot in ahwatukee in a heartbeat !
the setting is very relaxing and romantic .
we had never had fondue before , and found it very entertaining .
also make sure to plan ahead .
show up without reservations and you 'll end up waiting a while .
overall the experience was pleasant .
she was fast , courteous , informative and fun .
her recommendations were solid and we had a blast .
our visit was well worth every penny !
had a great time celebrating our daughters birthday .
food was excellent .
... cooked to perfect by us ... lol .
the server was great !
very helpful and full of fun .
was a well deserved break and was just what we needed .
the food was excellent !
top ratings guys !
ahwatukee location was amazing .
great food , reasonable prices .
the service was fantastic .
we had one of the private booths and it was very nice .
the food was delicious and the service was wonderful .
thanks for the complimentary chocolate as well ! ''
the food is always great .
great service and great food .
great way to spend an evening with your honey !
we had a wonderful time !
the best thing about the menu here is the dark chocolate fondue .
it was heaven !
waiter cole was outstanding .
food was excellent .
great time .
my husband and i had a great experience celebrating our wedding anniversary !
loved everything !
this place has something for everyone i think .
what a wonderful holiday weekend in a wonderful quite setting .
the staff was great and the beer and wine selection was exceptional .
the melting pot did a great job helping me celebrate my birthday .
the food was amazing .
my husband surprised me for our first time here for our anniversary dinner .
the food was absolutely delicious , the ambiance romantic and the experience fantastic !
i will definitely come here again and again !
great food , great service !
this was my first visit and it was amazing .
great food .
jamie was the best !
very professional and service was outstanding .
me and my husband love this place !
amazing food amazing staff .
our servers jeremy and cole are the best !
beautiful atmosphere and amazing customer service .
everyone was extremely kind .
jamie our waitress was amazing !
the food and service was incredible !
delicious !
turtle chocolate and lobster tail for entree is the best .
jeremy did an excellent job .
great service and great attitude .
for my first time there i was impressed and will be going back again .
had a great server named alexander !
it take time to fondue but it is so worth it !
this is absolutely our favorite restaurant !
thank you melting pot ahwatukee for being the best of the best !
delicious food and wonderful service .
she was very attentive and friendly .
we were very impressed with the melting pot ahwatukee !
very informative and great personality .
i will certainly be back for happy hour !
i love this place .
it will take you a while to eat but its with every minute .
first time here and had a great experience .
the food was delicious !
our waiter cole had great suggestions and made it a really tasty meal .
the food was amazing as always and the service was phenomenal !
jeremy brought our food promptly and better yet , brought laughter to the table .
we definitely recommend the melting pot to everyone !
our server was very helpful in recommending his favorites .
we love to splurge and come here for special celebrations .
the staff was very friendly and greeted my daughter with a happy birthday .
the food was fantastic and we enjoyed our time very much .
highly recommend !
the staff are super knowledgeable and always smiling .
megan was training mike , and both of them were absolutely fantastic .
great food , great service , great time !
by the way , mike was our server - super knowledgeable and friendly !
great service from ashley .
great food as well .
great food and great service as always .
celebrated mothers day here and they never disappoint .
this place is always so fun .
great food and service !
the vegetarian options are great , too .
highly recommend it !
love the melting pot ahwatukee !
amazing service , and we 've been coming here for over _num_ years .
great place !
the food is super tasty !
the service is excellent and our waitress is such a nice girl !
this place is a must !
we had a great time !
food was amazing !
the wife and i are back again for our anniversary .
i really wanted to give this place _num_ stars .
it 's clean , good location , romantic and the food is good .
it 's delicious !
the food was great and we had a great time .
so much fun !
we came in with high expectations and they were definitely met !
server was great .
food was great .
i love this place it has a great atmosphere and a very unique menu .
the cheese and the chocolate dishes are amazing .
our server was accommodating and fun .
yum yum !
very worth it !
thanks mike , sean and victor for the great service !
very tasty dinner , great service on a very special day for us !
very unique experience !
but came again and loved it !
we had a great experience .
the service was great .
the waiter was very knowledgable and made great recommendation for vegetarian options .
we will return again .
very pleasant entre for the price .
the steak lovers meal was deliciously tender .
i absolutely love this place .
friendly staff , love the environment and the whole concept too .
i 'd definitely would recommend this place .
amazing food and service !
we absolutely love this place !
great place for our _num_ year anniversary !
wonderful from start to finish !
excellent service , delicious food , and so much fun !
had a meal here with family and found it quite enjoyable .
their selection is quite diverse while being small enough to manage .
our server cole was pleasant , knowledgeable , and fun .
i would definitely suggest it a fun eating experience with friends or family .
i highly recommend this place for anyone celebrating a special occasion .
food is great and enjoy the atmosphere .
mike our server was great .
will be back !
great food .
great service .
good food , server was great .
they were running a special that made it worth the $ $ !
melting pot is always fun for a special occasions .
enjoying my birthday dinner tonight .
our waiter was very attentive .
dessert is the best !
second time at this location and the serving has been great both times .
will return most certainly .
mike is a fantastic server !
our kids hose this restaurant as their celebration dinner .
yummy food , wonderful drinks and fun for all .
great service and food .
the kids enjoy the dipping !
we love the cheese and chocolate !
megan g took great care of us !
great food and great service !
it was an excellent finish to a great evening .
great way to celebrate a birthday !
i highly recommend this location !
the flaming turtle is superb .
great time !
food was delicious !
service , excellent !
man , that fresh !
spinach artichoke fondue was great .
service is great and i enjoy the intimate atmosphere .
i got the teriyaki sirloin , which was full of flavor .
the entree was very filling in itself .
very impressed with my visit .
i took my wife to the melting pot for our second year wedding anniversary .
i must say , this place still is top notch !
it is still a great experience and sean took great care of us !
thank you sean !
came here tonight for my anniversary dinner with my beautiful girlfriend .
our food came out quickly & our drinks were always full .
overall a very great experience & we will for sure be back .
thank you melting pot .
great service !
excellent experience for all ages .
the food is high quality and amazing !
consistently great quality and value time after time !
very good service from the moment we walked in the door .
very unique experience .
helpful staff and great local beer list !
wonderful service , tasty food , relaxing atmosphere !
all around a great dinning experience !
we will definitely come back again .
so good !
daniel is very helpful and friendly .
he 's willing to answer questions and is very attentive .
we came here tonight to celebrate a birthday and the ambiance was perfect .
we both enjoyed the experience and would highly recommend it .
thank you for a wonderful evening .
service is outstanding and food is great .
very good food and even better service .
alyssa went above and beyond to make us happy !
fun and new experience for me and boyfriend .
our server was nice and informative and our host was very sweet .
overall it was good experience .
the service was on point and we had great fun cooking .
the food is always fresh .
we will definitely be back soon .
we come here for all of our special occasions !
we love the food and atmosphere !
food was delicious as can be .
we had a gift certificate and got to order some really delicious stuff .
outstanding service by megan , she made our dining experience amazing .
thank you and we will highly recommend the melting pot to all our friends .
they have delicious homemade soups each day something different .
we 've eaten lunch and dinner there a few times as well .
their chicken fried steak is pretty good as well .
they give you two decent sized steaks covered in mashed potatoes and gravy .
the bar is good as they have a great selection of beers .
i also love their ice tea , it always hits the spot .
very yummy food in a faux pub environment .
it 's also nice to have a patio where you can smoke .
bonus !
i love th beef stroganoff too !
they have the best happy hour , and service is awesome too .
love their firecracker shrimp and nachos , its so delicious .
first beer is $ _num_ , happy hour prices after that .
monday , saturday and sunday during college or pro games !
see you there !
it 's one of my favorite restaurants in the area .
i 'm continually impressed by the consistency of the quality of their food .
the prices are extremely fair for what you get .
good food and good service .
one of our favorite places .
we 've been for lunch and dinner and always had great meals .
fish and chips are pretty awesome too .
my wife will go just for the sweet potato fries .
the food was great .
good even the second day .
i love this place !
amazing food and great service and atmosphere !
i highly recommend !
great food .
service was great , too .
this place gets my vote !
plus delicious .
nice place to revisit next time i 'm in the area .
yum , yum , and more yum !
keegan 's is a `` go-to '' place for me .
consistently good food that is n't your run of the mill bar food .
comfort food and pub grub , all with a bit of a twist .
great food and atmosphere .
their daily specials are great , too !
wonderful service and we always feel welcome .
great food !
probably the best grilled chicken sandwich i have ever had !
good service , not a loud place , very enjoyable .
all in all , i 'm impressed !
the house-made blue cheese dressing was also great .
happy hour a+ !
great brews .
great food , service and atmosphere .
best in the ahwatukee area .
i 'll definitely be back here .
really enjoyed this restaurant and it 's unique menu .
will definitely be back .
everything here is delicious !
burgers were great .
beer was good .
everyone was pretty pleased .
decent food .
the hostess and waitress were both very nice .
great place for happy hour with fantastic prices and the food was really good !
very nice service as well .
we really enjoyed the sliders as well .
pumpkin stout was delicious .
good food selection .
the food and service is always great !
the service is always prompt and they staff friendly .
i would definitely recommend .
definitely caters to an older crowd but the food is good and reasonably priced .
super strong drinks .
had a dirty martini and it was delicious and strong .
super nice hostess and waitress .
great menu .
super classy atmosphere .
the spinach artichoke dip was amazing .
awesome place for such me after work dinner an a pint .
really cool atmosphere with an outdoor patio .
very accessible with plenty of parking nearby .
food is great tasting and wholesome .
highly recommended .
i absolutely love their reuben sandwich .
they have a nice happy hour menu .
we come here every so often mainly because they allow dogs on the patio !
i 'll add , we always get great service which i appreciate too .
such a wonderful restaurant .
she 's amazing .
such wonderful service and food .
lunches are fantastic as well .
got the filet and it is so good !
alan got the salmon and he loved it !
plus there is such a great vibe here .
amazing service with amazing food !
try it once it speaks for itself !
plenty of interesting beers on tap with two nice big tv 's showing sports .
staff was very friendly and i will definitely be going back .
the food was great .
the food presentation was nice and clean .
i would love to come back here for more !
great place with friendly staff and and cold beer and great eats !
it came recommended from a friend and keegan 's did not disappoint !
if you are curious , go check it out , it 's worth it !
awesome happy hour too !
poached eggs were perfect .
overall a tasty breakfast !
i would definitely recommend this place !
it is all about luck as the selection changes day to day .
i have found the best deals on the clearance racks at this location .
this is my favorite ross store .
this seems to be the ross store with the best deals .
it gets dangerous for me here , since there are always great deals .
they just sell so many great items here .
they have quality at great prices here .
anyway , give it a shot .
there is quality here too .
there also is always a line and all the registers are never open .
i love breakfast .
has a nice homely feel to it , and the menu has many choices .
portions were good , and service was nice .
service was good , and everything came pretty quick .
great breakfast !
good job mimi 's !
wonderful menu .
great service .
highest recommendations .
i would definitely recommend it !
sometimes it is just nice to see them in person before purchasing them .
they also have a photo studio inside .
we received fantastic customer service at this location when purchasing furniture for our nursery .
love all the sales here , too !
really clean & friendly staff .
they have lots of designer decorations and pretty cool designs .
great bagel shop .
always great bagels !
great coupons in the paper too !
quick friendly service .
good breakfast sandwiches , and also lunch .
they treated me well the few times i have been here .
the speed of service has been good , even when busy .
just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel !
love the breakfast sandwiches , they are large , filling and delicious .
best place for a bagel breakfast , and perfectly brewed coffee every time .
the staff is always friendly and their coffee is really good too .
my favorite is their vanilla hazelnut coffee .
great service.
the manager mike is nice and friendly .
love einstein 's bagels !
best bagels and cream cheese i 've ever had !
i love when the cream cheese is light and fluffy .
it tastes a lot better and makes it easier to apply !
their bagels are light and fluffy and absolutely delicious too !
delicious , pretty cheap and fast .
busy sometimes but definitely worth it !
hard to review a bagel place ... ... as good as it gets .
the staff is uber quick here and friendly .
love it !
the lox and bagel on an everything bagel was perfect .
it hit the spot !
service was superb too - julia behind the counter had impeccable customer service skills .
fresh coffee and the patio was great at _num_ in the morning .
i love this location .
the employees are super friendly and always super helpful .
everything i 've ever had has always been fresh .
best einstein bagels out there .
friendly staff , great management .
i prefer this location over any other !
love einstein bros and so do the kids !
it 's usually fairly clean and their radio station caters to a large audience .
my favorite part of this location is the large patio outside .
great bagels and assortment of drinks .
customer service is always good and plenty of seating both indoor and outside .
it 's tasty and spicy , just how i like it .
their $ _num_ pick _num_ combo really is a great deal .
i 'll be back again !
we visited otb with our family friends and had a blast !
we enjoyed several great dishes .
yes otb is a chain and serves chain mexican dishes .
otb has added several additions to their menu .
the food was good , there happy hour is pretty good .
i ordered my usual fajita salad w/ steak and it was delicious .
food was very good .
lots of nice spicy salsa .
our waitress was nice and very attentive .
not necessarily my favorite mexican restaurant in town but it 's good .
great place for some great mexican food .
the food is great and the happy hour options are endless .
great for all year round .
the manager was really nice and apologetic .
great food , place and service !
i love this place ... always have , always will !
one year , i even came here for my birthday and that was awesome !
had a great experience at this place .
also , our waitress was amazing !
she waited on several tables and even heated up the tortillas .
loved it !
it is authentic and delicious .
they have kept the good impression i have of this place alive .
i highly recommend coming here !
, and the service is always good .
they also have a reverse happy hour .
for a chain mexican restaurant , they do it right .
love the sizzling fajitas .
also really good sangria swirl margaritas .
first time ever going and i was beyond pleased .
food was freshly made .
our waitress avis did a great job .
was very attentive .
one of the best mexican restaurants for chips and salsa !
overall i love the place and keep going back .
there avocado fries are so good & a lot of there drinks .
i love the loaded queso dip !
the ground beef enchiladas are great with queso on top !
this was my first time here , and the food was so flavorful .
we especially enjoyed the `` guacamole live '' appetizer !
our server , ian was extremely patient and attentive .
we will definitely share this experience and food with any and all we can .
great food great service awesome food great atmosphere .
if you want a great experience this is the place to go .
ohh so good !
drinks are great too if you 're looking for drinks .
i love the crispy tacos !
great service , love the chips and salsa .
lots of food for the price .
our server robert was so friendly and made sure we had everything we needed !
thanks to robert we had a great experience !
sat at the bar last night and enjoyed the happy hour specials .
the bar staff were really nice and the food was delicious .
the watermelon margarita was so good i had to order a second one .
if you like chicken tortilla soup , you will love their version .
i know it is a chain restaurant , so what !
out of the two in the phoenix area , this one is the best !
this location has a great atmosphere and the staff attitudes are awesome as well .
we had excellent service , was very impressed with the organization our server showed .
the food was wonderful , very fresh and cooked to perfection .
our son loved it and said he will be going back with his friends .
please keep in mind this is a busy and popular place .
macaroni grill is great for to go ordering .
also a great atmosphere in the restaurant .
great bread and olive oil .
service has been consistently good .
it 's spot is a family favorite .
the spaghetti bolognese will always be my favorite .
we go to sweet tomatoes around once a month .
this place have a fresh salad & veg 's buffet with _num_ different soups !
awesome flavors .
awesome place !
i will go back soon !
yummy food ; great price ; friendly stuff .
great salad buffet !
the blueberry muffins are always good and hot !
awesome service !
warm cookies are a nice touch .
i would love to come back !
* italian creamy dressing is good !
great coupon !
_num_ meals for _num_ , excellent food , great salads .
they have here and the turn over is so fast they are always fresh .
you can eat on the patio as well as inside .
i love this place !
i love the fact that they change their menu every month .
their soups are so delicious ; i particularly love their onion soup .
loyal customer here .
there is something for everyone .
their chili is amazing especially with sour cream and cheese .
my daughter loves this place !
the employees are nice and helpful .
salad is good and many choices to have to make a kings salad .
wow .
great selection .
i was happy to find this place while out shopping .
it 's clean and inviting .
the soup bar , bakery have a nice selection .
i like sweet tomatoes and i love this location .
the salad bar has fresh veggies .
the cookies they serve are moist and good too .
on the whole i love this place .
consistently , good food .
the soup , salad and desserts are good .
great value for families with small children under _num_ eat free .
the food was really good tonight .
it is always clean and that is unusually for a buffet .
they always have a smile .
much bigger than the ice cream bowls they give you .
love the food and gluten free options they have available .
clean place too .
i love the dressings and soup .
there 's also a small pasta bar and make your own ice cream bar .
simple , good food that can accommodate many different dietary needs .
the salad bar area is pretty clean .
sweet sweet sweet tomatoes .
this is one place i absolutely adore above all restaurants , chain or non-chain .
the pizza bread is also very unique !
good ice tea , lemonade also for those hot days .
highly recommended .
great place to eat with the family !
the food was very good and the staff were all polite and friendly .
we love it !
they make a cream of mushroom soup that i 'll stand in line for .
it 's also a great place for my family .
this place is everything i love wrapped into one .
salad , soup , bread , and desserts .
the food and service is always amazing !
this place has been a tradition in our family for years .
great place .
the service was great and the staff was friendly .
i highly recommend it .
it was a very pleasant experience .
place is very clean and orderly .
shoe shine not open today .
always the best !
love this place .
professional , nice and one heck of a hair cut .
and the trim of the beard was great .
great job !
they were very patient with my son and did a really good job .
i really like frank 's , but gentleman joe 's is great too !
i love this place !
gives a great haircut and shave and they are very professional .
really nice guys who know exactly what they are doing .
everything was perfect .
finally found my new barber .
thank you mountain park chiropractic !
these in combination with adjustments have made the biggest improvement in my condition overall .
super accommodating , knowledgeable , and friendly .
they have fantastic massage therapists too !
thank you dr. p !
definitely recommend !
this group is the best .
the staff here is super friendly .
the dr. is very friendly and does a great job .
i would recommend to anyone in need .
everything about this place is amazing !
great attitude , awesome service , very knowledgeable and a true caring professional .
totally rate this place _num_ stars !
the staff is very friendly , caring , and helpful .
i would definitely recommend place this to everyone !
a+ !
very cool guys and girls over there ... head in and check em out !
the staff is helpful and knowledgeable .
this is a great , old style , neighborhood store .
it 's a lot of fun .
what a great group of guys and wonderful local shop !
these guys are great .
top notch service on a regular basis .
my bike is still running beautifully , thanks !
awesome service by james today .
thanks for all your help !
also , attend one of their group rides .
what a magical and fantastic bike purchasing experience .
thank you james !
very nice and friendly from my initial visit .
patrick seemed very nice and knowledgeable .
they sized me up , and sized me up again to get it right .
i feel very confident in their ability to perform this task .
love my ring !
the quality and craftsmanship seem outstanding so far .
i am very happy with my decision to go here .
this place has a great selection of all kinds of jewelry .
i had a great experience buying an engagement ring here .
had another great experience getting my wife something special .
the staff is very warm and welcoming .
- from a very happy couple !
the service has been excellent going over and above .
they jewelry turned out beautifully ... .
such great service !
everyone in there is so nice .
great staff & never any pressure to purchase .
i 'm happy with my result as well as my decision .
we both love our rings and we get compliments on them frequently .
i recommend them !
wonderful service !
while i went for the price , i was really impressed with the service .
definitely recommend !
service is beyond exceptional .
thank you !
so excited .
it was a very easy pleasurable buying experience .
the staff was knowledgeable and friendly .
one of the largest watch displays i have seen in person !
high recommended !
the staff is soothing , and always explain everything to you prior to starting .
one of the best dentists i 've ever experienced !
dr. ron is amazing and his staff is great !
best dentist in town !
great office and staff .
you feel right at home .
great location close to our house , the staff is always friendly & fast !
you all keep me coming back !
my order was taken very quickly and the staff was very friendly and helpful .
his customer service skills were impeccable and he paid attention to details .
five stars for the service of this young man .
jamba juice has really stepped up their game .
great job job !
this jamba location is really great .
even when it gets busy they are still friendly fast and efficient .
overall great customer service and great tasting jamba !
always great service .
love this place .
caribbean smoothie is my favorite .
worth the drive from maricopa .
the staff was friendly and my drink is perfectly made !
keep up the great work !
i like the staff better - happier , better , they care more .
i always have a wonderful experience at this jamba juice .
they are friendly and made our complicated drinks with ease .
i live that they open early !
the girls that work here are really friendly too !
fresh smoothies !
caribbean passion and berry upset are two of my normal favorites on the menu .
staff are always nice and friendly .
tom and tammy did a very great job cleaning my nails .
i got the white tip with gel & i 'm pretty happy !
my nails were n't too thick and they look natural for sure .
my wife has found a new regular place close to home !
he was really gracious and professional .
it was a great experience .
so that always nice , for a before and/or after hang out .
will definitely be back for a full on pedicure .
i did test drive their spa chairs and it felt like heaven .
perfect location and great service definitely recommend .
the staff is wonderful , and does not deny our request .
the pedicures are fantastic .
the vibe there is good .
everyone is happy and makes you feel relaxed .
especially when i used to live right next door !
very clean establishment and all the people are very friendly .
amazing !
this place is absolutely wonderful !
i shall be tipping very well and returning very often !
i will definitely be coming back to this place .
love this place !
the people are friendly and they do a fantastic job !
great service , they listen to you and do wonderful designs .
i decided to try this salon after reading the reviews online .
i must say this is a very nice salon .
the place was very clean and everyone was very polite considering the busy day .
well here it is again with some more info .
see you there !
i thought this place was very nice .
clean !
the people were nice as well !
had a wonderful experience and prices are great !
clean and relaxing service .
they did a great job and reasonably priced .
i love this place for pedicures .
the salon is very clean .
great place , highly recommend .
clean , nice , easy atmosphere and they use great products !
i will return and recommend !
this is the place !
the owners are fantastic , and it 's always so clean !
they really take time with my mom and me .
i highly recommend this place to everyone .
the guys do a great job with gel nails .
great pedicures !
the price is very reasonable compared to the quality that you receive .
they were so super friendly !
the pedicure was amazing !
debbie and tom have a great salon .
very friendly , clean and great long lasting manicure and pedicures .
i got the deluxe pedicure and the girl did a very good job .
i 'm very picky about the quality i receive .
i 'm very pleased , and i will keep coming back .
will surely be back !
love the color and cynthia is absolutely delightful to sit with .
the drive is worth it .
great service at this store .
he 's the best !
this store is awesome !
i highly recommend this store !
love it !
wonderful staff .
the entire staff was wonderful !
dr. amy worked her magic and took care of everything with in one visit .
wonderful dentist and staff .
very caring and informative .
they are excellent !
patient and kind and knowledgeable .
super friendly service at this location and it 's never busy .
the whole strip mall is a great place to do your errands .
great location , i 've been there plenty of times .
i was able to receive the exchange , thank god !
great job !
seriously very friendly , professional , and eager to help .
score one for hole-in-the-wall , local 's hidden gem places !
this place has consistently good food for amazing prices .
all of the meats i 've had are very good .
the service is always great too - i believe _num_ sisters own the place .
the carne asada torta is great .
terrific flavors , soft bread , tender meat .
actually anything with the carne asada or the carnitas is good .
and the ladies in the kitchen and behind the counter are super sweet .
i also recommend ordering a torta with the refried beans in the sandwich .
they also have great soft tacos with carne asada or marinated pork .
other pluses ... the two sisters that run the place are absolutely gorgeous .
thank you , guy !
the pork and steak were incredible and the chicken was great too .
fantastic flavors .
now the carnitas taco was fantastic .
it was delicious .
great texture , great flavor ... just a great experience in general .
just enjoy .
i enjoyed both very much !
this is probably my favorite triple d place so far .
the fish and shrimp tacos here are very good !
service was excellent and very friendly .
everyone had tacos in our group and everyone liked them .
i love their hot sauces , they are very good !
that said , the food really is fantastic and the price is right .
great `` quick service '' mexican food .
nothing too fancy , the food here is great .
not everything is amazing , but their best items ca n't be beat .
great place , high recommended .
great tacos !
they have very authentic taco 's .
i also ate a tamale and it was pretty good for a restraunt tamale .
it 's pretty good as far as street tacos go .
great taco shop !
great food , fair prices .
the most flavorful beans i have ever had .
good food !
but so good !
this place rocks !
the price is right and it 's a clean joint .
the chile , rice , beans , and tortillas were also great .
freshly made and delicious .
also , a good price !
great little place with really good food for a good price !
just fill up with delicious tacos for under $ _num_ each !
i really enjoy this place !
i love the tacos .
they are incredible .
prices are very reasonable .
the service is excellent as well .
very nice people .
this is my new favorite small restaurant for mexican food !
the chile relleno burrito is great .
it will really give your food that bam !
love , love , love los taquitos !
what 's even better is that their prices are so reasonable .
great family restaurant .
go here !
excellent hole-in-the-wall mexican joint .
the meats are at the core of what makes this place special .
authentic ... absolutely authentic .
the tacos were very very good though .
the food here is pretty good .
best authentic mexican food ever !
every time i go there i leave with a smile on my face .
worth going to .
i 'm so darn picky , but this place is great .
at least as good as it gets in phoenix for sure .
it 's basically ketchup with lots of spice , but wow is it good .
they should package this stuff and sell it !
their fish tacos are above average as well as their other tacos .
their rice and beans are average as well , but nothing spectacular .
wow !
friendly service compliments the excellent food , making the overall experience well worth it .
great carne asada ( street ) tacos .
the girls working there were super sweet and the service was fast .
i got a carne asada burrito and will say that it was tasty .
the best street taco 's i 've had .
the flavor was great and there was plenty of shrimp .
i really like this place !
i was pleasantly surprised that this family owned shop was delicious .
this has officially become my mex spot .
the tacos ... they are the best .
really truly the best i have eaten .
super small place with just a few tables but worth it _num_ % .
great street taco 's !
they have the best tamales in town !
each one had it 's own specific flavor and topping .
everything was extremely fresh .
it 's really awesome .
los taquitos rocks !
the best ever tasted , ever !
clean and comfortable .
they are the best i 've ever had .
the service was fast , they are cheap and the food is fantastic .
i 'd love to see los make a food truck !
great portion , great price .
easy to carry out , we love to eat at home with the dogs .
my wife and i love any of their things with the chicken in it .
it is amazing .
so far everything we have gotten from there is so good .
the arizona burrito is great , and so are the fajitas .
will return again soon .
they are spice , but spice with flavor and purpose .
i love their soft shell taco 's with chicken and their green sauce !
priced just right for what you get .
awesome joint .
great street tacos and hot sauce .
i love that i live so close !
the best veggie burrito ever .
one of the freshest most delicious burritos ever .
something i look forward to eating , every time !
yum , yum , yummy !
this place serves amazing mexican food .
the vegetarian burrito is delicious .
authentic street style fare at top notch quality and taste .
i adore this place !
great food .
i 've had the tortas a couple of times and they are amazing .
simple , crisp , ingredients and outstanding flavor .
that good .
love it and will return .
i love this place it is so addicting !
flavorful , affordable , delicious !
nice place to eat .
the food was great .
this place is amazing .
the rice and beans are the best i 've eaten .
tacos are simple and delicious .
this place is pretty good !
i love their tacos de carne asada and lengua !
even the regular red and green salsas are delicious .
great food , nice people and mediocre service .
i enjoy this place often !
this is the place to get fantastic and fast mexican food .
the shrimp tacos and the shrimp burrito are amazing .
_num_ taquitos - a little over priced , but excellent .
super good .
very good .
the young lady at the counter was friendly and helpful .
the ingredients are always very fresh and you can tell .
i also love the green salsa .
got some heat !
i got the super nacho & man , it was super .
the place was packed , which is always a good sign .
fantastic .
excellent find , thank you yelp !
so happy we discovered it .
best eats of our trip .
love , love , love the street tacos .
that 's how good this place is .
wife loved the flan , also .
great food and low prices make this place a real winner .
solid _num_ stars .
delicious carne asada and breakfast burritos .
this place has the best carne asada burritos in the world !
the prices are great , cute little place with great , authentic mexican food .
it is so damn good .
the food is amazingly delicious and the service is memorable !
i always get the enchiladas and they are so authentic !
i love their rice and horchata too !
the carne asada is smokey , spicy , and freaking delicious .
the red sauce on the burro was great as well .
all the food was spicy not bland , the beans and rice were wonderful .
definitely worth a try .
awesome place .
great , inexpensive food .
great place to eat and everything is fantastic .
i have n't been for lunch , but i truly recommend breakfast here .
i really like this place .
the meals are cheap and you get a lot of good quality food .
nice service .
very good food .
the chile options were n't overly spicy , but they had good flavor .
i will definitely come back when in the area again .
super consistent and delicious !
great tacos .
once again it was delicious !
my first time having authentic mexican food .
they also have wonderful tasting enchiladas and tacos .
spicy and flavorful is an understatement .
if you want fresh and authentic mexican food , you will get it here .
what a gem to find .
bold flavors without apology .
i love this place .
moved back to az and had a great meal .
my husband and i love this place !
being from san diego we know our mexican food and this place is great .
wow !
is really all we can say .
we loved it !
great service and food .
best carnitas tacos we 've ever had !
the tacos were very good .
i was surprised how spicy they actually were .
definitely worth a try , you will not be disappointed .
carne asada and al pastor tacos hit the spot !
by my description you can only imagine how much we dream about this place .
it 's a nice little hole-in-the-wall place that is especially great for pick-up orders .
this place is awesome !
very authentic mexican food .
they have great carnitas and horchata here too !
tacos were off the chain , very good and seasoned just right .
we visit once if not twice a week .
the best were the carne asada .
pretty good i 'd say .
this was a pleasant dining experience .
wanted some mexican and we found it !
reasonable prices for _num_ and it was very tasty !
fast walk up service and clean inside !
decided i had to give them a shot and wow - great food !
our favorite take-out for a pool party .
very good .
tacos and chimichanga are fantastic !
great place for casual mexican fare .
very flavorful and colorful .
the chile relleno was very different and totally enjoyable .
friendly atmosphere and quick service .
best mexican lunch in town .
excellent fast mexican food .
guy fieri led us , once again , to a great local eatery !
excellent huevos rancheros !
great food , good prices , and a good menu .
overall a great place for your die hard mexican food lover .
this is the best taco place i have ever been to .
and they have way more than just good tacos on the menu .
basically anything with carne asada is good , especially the chimichangas .
they also have great tamales .
the rice and beans are good , and this list goes on .
great little place in a strip mall .
loved the burritos .
great job guys !
los taquitos is one of the best taco shops this side of town .
absolutely delicious .
i 've yet to have another one just as delicious .
great mexican food , cheap and greasy , but authentically good .
i had the veggie tacos and loved them .
good street style tacos .
best mexican place ever .
their hot sauce is crazy hot but so worth it and tasty .
this place was nice and small .
the beans and rice were tasty too .
this was a delicious simple mexican short order shop .
horchata had a unique flavor to it the was interesting .
love this place .
frequent here often .
we give this place & frequent it often ... a double thumbs up .
one of my favorite lunch spots !
inexpensive but authentic mexican food .
i highly recommend checking this place out .
love this place !
there carne asada is fresh , well seasoned and flavorful .
it is high quality and really inexpensive .
sweet , spicy , smoky kind of like a mole sauce .
i will definitely be going there again .
the street tacos are fantastic .
i have been eating here for many years and the food is always good .
the shrimp burrito is also very delicious .
definitely worth a visit .
its a wonderful place to grab a bite !
i found their fish taco 's to be really superb .
loved it .
los taquitos is just about perfect for what it is .
pros : everything that matters .
highly recommended .
great mexican food .
and the tacos are amazing , too !
they also have great salsa .
i love the tacos and the amazing salsas .
best mexican joint in the valley by far .
the carne asada is amazing .
my favorite taco spot , period .
rice and beans finish the job nicely .
they are so good .
and that 's really the way to do it .
amazing .
best tacos i 've ever eaten .
the street tacos are incredibly tasty .
i love this place !
good mexican food and friendly customer service !
definitely recommend this place .
i recommend their carne asada quesadilla !
great food , great prices , great atmosphere ... .
my family has liked it from our first bite .
this is my go to place for a really good beef enchilada .
even the rice and beans are delicious , and remind me of home .
fantastic !
really great tacos , the carne asada and the chicken tacos were great .
also had the carne asada torta and that was superb too .
los taquitos has always been a favorite at work .
good stuff !
awesome tacos !
to sum up , it 's all about the tacos !
food is always delicious .
really enjoyed this place .
my favorite thing to order is the az style burrito with steak .
awesome food fast service .
i freaking love this place !
their arizona burrito with chicken is amazing !
the food is amazing !
the steak tacos are probably the best tacos i have ever had .
the meat is full of a delicious , juicy , smokey flavor .
and the menudo was perfect too .
i finally went to los taquitos and was pleasantly surprised .
each item was delicious and fresh tasting .
the tamale had a nice consistency and the meat was tender .
they have great food and not so bad prices .
the beans and rice are excellent !
excellent mexican food .
taco tuesday is a good way to experience this place .
the food and is very good .
friendly staff .
would definitely recommend and i 'll be back .
breakfast burritos are delicious too .
the asada has a really great flavor .
it had a nice char taste .
my gf ordered the asada chimichanga , and it was so delicious .
outstanding food and service .
very friendly !
seriously something for everyone .
got ta try it !
great food .
the staff is wonderful ... very friendly .
i 'm a new england native and know really good fish !
definitely enjoyed it .
so good .
small little joint on the beaten path with excellent food at a great price .
authentic street tacos , burritos and tamales all made fresh .
service was fast and friendly .
there street tacos are delicious .
best burrito i have had since my move to the southwest !
best taco place ever i refuse to eat anywhere else .
if you love authentic street tacos , this place is a must try !
their enchiladas are also awesome and the carne asada is fantastic too .
quality is excellent , everything is fresh .
i 'd recommend to anyone in the area or passing through .
wow !
i 'm so happy we did .
the food was so delicious .
i will definitely be back .
best authentic mexican food in town around .
i found their replacement .
tacos on point along with their menudo and burritos .
delicious mexican food spot in arizona !
guy fieri ( from food network ) has eaten here !
thought that was really cool !
their tacos are great !
morning torta is very good .
breakfast burrito is very good .
i 'll be honest , i cried .
i was totally happy with my cheese enchiladas to go .
the girl at the register was nice and the food was good .
one of the best breakfast burritos .
place is run by a family and has been since it first opened .
they treat you extremely well and the food is off the hook .
it 's all good .
it 's worth it .
wow the new digs are great and the food stayed awesome !
staff was good .
just a great update to a great place .
remodel looks great and the food is just as delicious .
eat here regularly and have for years now .
it 's definitely the best mexican food in phoenix .
great choice !
best tongue tacos in town .
they are just nice and fresh , with a great green sauce .
great authentic mexican food .
street tacos are excellent .
yummy !
the chicken on the nachos has a great flavor .
not sure i love good nachos and best in area so far .
i kept forgetting to write my review but i love this place !
the ladies are all very friendly and helpful .
they also recently renovated and the place looks great !
delicious food , but service could be improved .
guy fieri definitely knows his food !
the best breakfast burrito !
still awesome after the remodel !
food is as good as ever .
this restaurant is so awesome !
the restaurant was so clean and neatly decorated .
the staff was so friendly it was a great atmosphere .
loved the food and the price .
great mexican flavor and very hearty food .
it is a great lunch place- fresh ingredients and the super low price point !
pretty nice place .
horchata is pretty good here .
overall pretty legit !
hands down , my favorite place for carne asada anything !
customer service is always good .
still amazing flavor , just not the same .
always awesome food .
nothing bad on the menu .
the carne asada and carnitas tacos great !
everything here is amazing .
the chicken burrito is my favorite !
on top of that i ordered one pollo tamale on the side .
even the ice tea is fresh and tasty .
highly recommend , and definitely worth the drive from south chandler !
i loved this place !
good food , casual environment , and nice prices .
i had the special and enjoyed every bite .
the salsa was nice , and my dad loved his tostada .
great for lunch or a casual dinner .
remodeled and expanded los taquitos is better than ever .
love this place and the amazing food .
so good !
i love their new remodel , it makes the place way nicer than before .
the food is simple and they have a variety of traditional dishes .
and i definitely was n't disappointed -- the pastor tacos were wonderful .
i got the pollo flautas with beans and rice .
beans were good and traditional .
but the rice !
i will definitely be back .
good street tacos and nice service .
had n't been there in a year and the renovations are great !
good stuff as always .
excellent authentic mexican food .
best mexican food !
they also have the best margaritas especially the prickly pear !
always friendly staff at both locations love eating there !
lovely owners and amazing food .
i have n't tried anything but taco tuesday 's and thought it was delicious .
this place is amazing .
a place for good tacos !
excellent service !
this place has always been a favorite ever since high school .
did i mention best breakfast burritos and the flautas are tasty too !
the restaurant area has expanded , and it looked cleaner and nicer than ever .
perfectly flavored rice , and just the right amount of cheese in the beans .
i mean everything in the menu is very tasty .
it 's authentic mexican food .
the salsa verde is perfect .
green chile chicken tacos & pork tacos are fantastic !
really good food .
the restaurant was clean and decorated nicely .
the most authentic mexican food in the area .
this place is really good .
it is nice and clean and has very friendly service .
they have the best mexican food around !
i love their carne asada burritos and tamales .
the food here was so good i wanted to cry .
fresh food , quality ingredients and prepared perfectly .
their hot sauce is great .
husband loved his asada burrito .
lots of tender meat and perfect spice .
one of his new favorite places for burrito .
go on _num_ $ taco tuesday and get a great value .
this place is good !
the staff is friendly and the restrooms are clean .
los taquitos is great !
i love the chilaquiles .
loved it !
the street tacos are so fresh !
the restaurant is very clean and up to date .
we tried a lot of things on the menu and it was all good .
the remodel is so nice , really digging the modern look .
a little pricey for a breakfast burrito , but very good and worth it .
amazing food .
amazing staff !
great prices .
consistently delish .
the new renovations are great for the family .
so happy to find this local establishment !
really nice flavors , very filling , and fresh .
really great street tacos and quesadillas !
the new renovation looks great and gives the place more room for sure !
delicious street tacos !
clean and friendly service with fair prices ... definitely a repeat customer !
both have best mexican food i 've had in all of the southwest !
the new setting is so much better .
the food and portions are good .
good for groups .
very very good !
it is always clean and the staff is always very helpful .
best street tacos in the valley !
their taco tuesday deals are awesome !
the restaurant itself is n't great but the good is exceptional .
i especially love the breakfast burritos .
the food is so delicious here .
the meat was perfect so flavorful and not fatty or chewy .
the ingredients were so fresh and the salsa was spicy and full of flavor .
i cant wait to eat here again .
`` mexican food is life . ''
very clean and welcoming restaurant .
best breakfast burritos in town , hands down !
burritos , great salsa .
all good stuff .
at a good value .
the burritos are amazing here and their service is impeccable .
the best !
the carne asada and chicken tacos with their green salsa -- perfect !
excellent little mexican restaurant !
great food .
i loved the house margarita !
i would be happy to see them disappear .
for metropolitan phoenix this is a great joint .
lots of people ordered burritos and tacos .
it was tasty , for sure .
the decor is unique and fun .
best tacos hands down the best in town ... .
just awesome food here .
in my top _num_ favorite places to eat .
awesome pozole !
quesadilla very good with a great taste to it .
very good .
i liked the decor as well .
making the location bigger was a welcome change .
my favorite fast mexican place in the valley .
best mexican food in ahwatukee .
food tastes fresh .
probably the best refried beans i have had in a mexican restaurant .
love the decor inside .
it is our go-to place .
my favorite , aside from tortas , are the carne asada street tacos .
they 're the perfect blend of spicy heat , fresh onions and carne asada .
so happy this has had the business to expand over the years !
or your friggin high !
their family recipes make the food very flavorful .
i take out-of-town visitors there so they can taste some excellent mexican food .
i tried the chilaquiles , liked those as well .
the modern mexican decor is fun and cute .
definitely my new favorite go to mexican food restaurant .
great asada tacos in a very clean restaurant .
the refried beans may be the best i have ever had .
well done !
i will definitely be back !
incredibly good mexican food !
the food is simply amazing !
authentic , flavorful and yummy !
best al pastor ive ever had ... .
great food , cheap prices .
friendly service and very clean .
absolutely amazing street tacos !
i love this place .
the people who work here really make you feel at home .
excellent !
found it all in one place !
my kids are picky eaters and they loved it so that says something !
loved all of it .
i recommend if you are ordering takeout that you call ahead .
it is definitely worth it though !
this place is amazing !
food was very fresh and really delicious !
the carne asada tacos were great .
the salsa has a roasted pepper flavor but overall good and not too spicy !
definitely coming back for more when i crave mexican food !
the atmosphere and music is great !
small place but the food is most excellent !
i was very impressed !
everything was great !
i will be coming back !
fresh made delicious food .
very very very good will come back try something different !
nothing fancy , but it fits the bill just fine .
definitely a great little place to add a quick bite .
was in town for work and wanted some good mexican food .
awesome place nice clean and good prices .
ordered the carne asada torta was very good .
thanks again .
i love this place .
they have wonderful food .
i got their tacos and some chips and salsa and guacamole .
omg , so delicious .
very very good , i will keep coming back !
friendly staff and strong margaritas .
they expanded their restaurant ( much needed ) and it is still packed .
the food is great !
great mexican food and breakfast burritos too !
love this place .
authentic mexican and great for takeout too .
real good tacos !
still worth the wait sometimes .
delicious food .
for only a dollar , they are an amazing deal .
i much prefer carolinas when in the mood for a quick taco or burrito .
affordable and great food packed with flavor .
had the lengua bowl and it was amazing !
not only was it much less expensive , they service was amazing !
he was clean , smelled fresh and even fresh breath .
the place also looked adorable and front desk service is friendly as well .
arthur and i are so glad to have found a new groomer !
best dog groomer i 'm ahwatukee !
the grooming salon is neat and clean and the staff is very friendly .
the staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly .
my groomer is erin and i would recommend her to everyone !
she is extremely passionate and she is great at what she does .
come and check this place out ... your pets will thank you for it !
that alone i thought was great !
we have definitely found a new grooming home !
a little higher priced but an excellent job every time .
great atmosphere and clean .
would definitely recommend !
they always do a very nice job with grooming and any haircuts .
highly recommend !
great gyros .
great onion rings ( w/ ranch of course ! )
a tiny bit pricey , but worth every penny .
the staff was very nice and my food came out lightning fast .
for a quick lunch i highly recommend it .
for being a rather fast order , food was delicious .
the kids love the hot dogs , and i love the gyros !
the service is fast and friendly ... and the price is just right !
prices are extremely fair and the staff is always really nice .
what an amazing family run business that serves no fuss food .
this is my favorite lunch spot in ahwatukee .
basically a perfect gyro sandwich .
the service is always really friendly and the food is very reasonable priced .
a great new find in ahwatukee .
the onion rings were great as was the double gyro platter .
great gyros .
worth the stop !
if you can get over that , you 'll find a tastey gyro winner .
they are soooo good !
i will definitely be back for more .
the restaurant itself is nothing fancy , perfect for lunch dining .
i found this place due to yelp .
good place for a gyro sandwich .
the service is friendly , fast and the decor was old but clean .
some of the best fries i 've had in the valley .
the tomatoes were fresh and tasty pita bread was fresh .
they had a display though and it was dripping with honey and looked delicious .
it is delicious .
they treat the meat with care and apply alot to their pitas .
so much so you better get extra napkins and a fork !
great alternative to fast food , but they cater too .
great simple and easy fare .
it is always tasty and a great quick fix .
yummy gyro with great flavor and no lettuce , thank you !
the onion rings are spot on too .
the celery salt is just right .
the service is quick and courteous and the gyro combo really hits the spot .
the gyros are great and by themselves would be rated _num_ stars .
i tried the gyro plate and enjoyed my meal .
you receive a good amount of fries with your gyro plate .
the fries are pretty good too !
the gyros are quite good , and contain plenty of meat .
and its good to see the owners behind the counter ; quality restaurant .
this place has great food .
the beef dip sandwich , super thick with awesome jus .
i 've also had their italian beef , also excellent .
the gyros ... the best i 've found around town !
very generous with their meat portions .
best gyro outside of chicago , hot dogs and beef rock too !
great food and well priced .
all the food is reasonably priced and well portioned .
the fries are always hot !
great food !
it was outstanding .
full of flavor & huge .
gyro sandwich was perfect .
fries were fresh and piping hot !
it was spicy and delicious .
friendly people and great food .
i would recommend this restaurant to a friend .
great service great flavor .
fair price .
went to lunch here today and service was fast and friendly .
i really enjoyed the dressing .
the greek salad is big and fresh .
the gyros are also excellent .
service is fast and prices are good .
the owners are almost always there and make us feel so welcome !
it just really looked good .
the price is great , too .
our office found this on yelp today and popped over for a quick lunch .
the gyros were fantastic .
among the best any of us have ever had .
service , cleanliness , quantity & quality all earned top marks !
i really enjoy eating the gyros here .
they are huge and the fries are great .
the chicago dogs are also very good .
the gyros are packed full and the fries are perfect .
we split a single gyro and a side order of greek fries .
love the gyro .
the best gyro i have had yet .
very good gyros sandwiches , salads , drinks in an informal atmosphere for lunch .
love the tzatziki .
the gyro was worth it for me .
so delicious !
really hit the spot after a long hike .
the sauce on the gyro is amazing .
loved the greek fries as well , the cheese and herb blend was amazing .
awesome gyros , lots of flavor .
fries were nice and golden .
had a coupon that we got on our front door .
so good !
quick service and great gyros !
really tasty !
service is prompt , ca n't go wrong here !
artichoke chicken pita is so good !
food was very good and fresh .
the fries were good and hot .
i found it to be very tasty .
their cucumber sauce is excellent as are the fries .
service was friendly and fast .
this place is amazing !
great little place for lunch .
tasty gyros , affordable , quick service and generous portions .
the chicken and artichoke pita is amazing .
the meat tastes great , not microwaved like most places .
feels like a real family owned business .
this was our 3rd visit so it 's got to be good .
food always made to order and prices are reasonable .
wow !
they 're fantastic and almost more than my son could eat !
great people too !
ample parking space available in the lot .
love it !
love this place .
large portions , great taste , and friendly staff .
amazing !
great price , gyros was delicious !
i am definitely recommending this place .
will be back for more !
highly recommended !
great place for a quick bite , especially since i live in ahwatukee .
just tangy , yummy goodness !
everything that i have tried has been excellent .
meat is tender and delicious .
fries are good and fresh .
this place is great .
good food , great taste and the owner , cashier was very friendly .
definitely coming back .
got the regular gyro , chicago style hotdog , and the gyro salad .
service was great and food was good .
the atmosphere was really cool as well .
food was amazing .
bonus points for great music ( classic rock station ) we 'll be back .
loving this place .
all really delicious .
this is a great place to come have fun at .
we picked out a couple pieces and got to work .
the staff was very friendly and helped us out when we had questions .
the pieces we painted were ready in a few days and came out great .
this was my first visit and i was impressed !
she really knew her stuff !
we will definitely be going back again soon .
we love it there !
this place was great .
i made a reservation and everyone on staff was helpful and friendly .
they gave us a start and made sure we were enjoying the experience .
i would recommend making a reservation to make sure you are able to paint .
love this place !
very relaxing for a creative people and not so creative .
very nice place and the staff is great !
had a lot of fun with my kids .
the girls working there were really nice !
look forward to going back !
best location i 've been to !
the employees are always nice and always eager to help .
this location has a very positive atmosphere and i can spend hours here !
thank you for making it a wonderful experience every single time i visit !
the staff is extremely helpful and friendly .
i feel comfortable sending all friends and family to team orthodontics .
thank you !
every situation is met with a positive response .
great practice !
dr d deserves all the success he has in building a great practice !
`` i went to team orthodontics with braces from a different orthodontics .
they always answered all my questions .
i am soooooo happy with my results .
it was definitely worth every penny .
i have recommended team orthodontics to all my friends already .
everyone at team orthodontics is professional and kind .
i have completely regretted it .
team orthodontics really is the best !
_num_ sets of braces with his office !
however , his staff really puts them over the top !
he has great referrals as well .
all concerns are addressed promptly and with compassion and care .
they are outstanding !
they create a fun environment for the kids which makes appointments fly by .
everyone i had to deal with here was nothing but professional !
a very welcoming place .
dry clean us is all around excellent !
remarkable care and outstanding service always !
best dentist ever .
they treat their patients like family .
the office is always extremely clean and they use the latest tools .
i would recommend this place to everyone !
he was very professional and thorough .
recently , my mother 's a/c was blowing warm and needed some professional attention .
thanks mike !
i 'm very satisfied i finally found a good , honest air conditioning company .
this however is a top notch honest business .
mike you saved the day .
highly recommend .
great experience with absolute air tech .
very reasonable charge for such prompt and professional service .
good guys .
they do good work and are prompt .
this is a great little shop !
great place !
employees are always will to go the extra mile to make there customers happy .
these guys are the real deal , honest and helpful .
the best service i have had in _num_ years .
so nice to work with ... very informative !
i love the pool shop .
fantastic shop !
spot-on diagnosis and remedy .
great store !
i will continue to go to and recommend the pool shop in the future .
these people are the best !
wow !
thank you so so much !
my entire family gets their haircuts here .
ramon is the best !
and feel it 's one of the best salons i 've every been to .
she has a very warm and friendly personality .
i would highly recommend ramon 's to anyone .
she is always trying something new while keeping my best interest in mind .
let me tell you !
she is absolutely great !
she put me on this leave in conditioner that is amazing !
best part is their prices are very competitive .
a fantastic deal for the quality of work you receive .
i went in randomly one day and was given a great cut by ali .
she was extremely friendly and knowledgeable .
the salon itself was recently remodeled and looks great .
i 'll definitely be going back .
always great service !
i went in randomly one day and was given a great cut by ali .
she was extremely friendly and knowledgeable .
the salon itself was recently remodeled and looks great .
i 'll definitely be going back .
ramon and all his stylists were so kind to us .
love this salon .
gorgeous salon .
we recommend all the time .
thanks !
absolutely loved it here !
made our whole buying experience wonderful .
i would recommend going to him !
ralph is a fantastic salesman .
thanks ralph .
your service was fantastic .
good shopping experience , great customer service !
you 'll get the massage of a lifetime included with the price .
great place , speedy and always a great pedi .
i love this salon !
sam is the best !
i always leave feeling relaxed and beautiful .
the prices are just right and everyone in there is so friendly .
loved this nail salon and will absolutely be back !
very friendly , clean atmosphere and a job well done .
always polite , they do very good work every time !
honestly , this place is worth twice what they charge .
great service !
i 'm pretty happy with my purchase today .
my favorite big _num_ store ... helpful polite workers .
this location has my loyalty for many years to come .
the people there are very nice !
i have been with caring for families since i moved to ahwatukee last year .
i think this is a great place with helpful people .
they are very pleasant people , and truly made me feel like they care .
they were very kind , and i felt very welcome .
thank you !
choose the correct doctor and i think you 'll be pleased .
jim is brilliant and his team is friendly and efficient .
i highly recommend capital accounting group .
they are amazing , truly , could n't be happier .
i love this best buy .
service , hours and location is fine .
i took it into the geek squad & was working with mike & dan .
after the remodel , i absolutely love this location !
it 's a fun place to shop again !
their service and policy on returning merchandise is incredible .
i waited until best buy offered this product just for this reason .
i am a very satisfied customer of best buy .
what a difference one best buy is to another .
will most definitely return to the store and purchase more items .
best buy should send her to college and make her a manager .
what a competent individual .
very pleased .
thank you !
much better than the tempe location .
well worth $ _num_ !
this is my regular nail place .
i just got my nails done by kim .
she 's friendly and takes her time to give you just what you want .
i got a fresh acrylic set with a hand painted french tip .
great service and amazing job on pedicure !
very clean and good customer service .
if you have a choice , i highly recommend this one .
upon arrival , i was pleasantly surprised , with the location and grounds .
yes it is tucked back in some trees , and that 's nice .
the staff is very pleasant , and the rooms perfectly nice .
not fancy , but very clean and comfortable .
stayed here recently and thought it was good .
the coffee and the breakfast bar was decent for the money .
great service , manager honored coupon i forgot ; great ppl .
i 've always found the staff helpful and friendly , regardless of the location .
the price and location was right , so we stayed here .
as well as local eats and entertainment within a couple of minutes .
the accommodations have always been great .
the rooms clean , modern , and well kept .
the pool is nice as well .
the price is always reasonable as well .
i really enjoyed my stay here at the holiday inn express .
the great thing about this hotel was the breakfast .
nice , clean room .
very nice , helpful staff .
very pleased with my stay here .
always a great hostess gift when you know your friends have pets .
i love this store , we get the good stuff for our dogs to .
the store is small , but well worth the trip .
my dog , my family and i all love this bakery .
this place is great for boarding !
the office is very clean and prices are good .
we felt very comfortable bringing him in after our phone call .
once we came in with our bird it got even better .
we had to extend the our birds stay and they were great .
this is the best place in the valley .
i totally trust these guys with our two cats .
you can definitely tell that they are animal lovers .
the vets and staff are wonderful and caring .
then i found this place .
they are amazing from the minute i call to set a appointment .
every single person i meet was truly caring .
they take such good care of your best friends .
warm , professional staff .
they handled my vet aggressive cat amazingly .
thank you ahwatukee animal care hospital .
so grateful for these guys .
they also got my cat right in on a saturday morning .
this hospital is a gift for our area .
i highly recommend !
this clinic is amazing .
the staff is great .
altogether a wonderful experience when you need your best friend taken care of .
the staff is always friendly and know all of us by name .
they had a good selection of clearance clothes which was surprising .
_num_ stars because the staff are always helpful and willing to help .
this store is very bright and all their aisles are very clean .
work on this ahwatukee target but i still love shopping here !
always clean and most of the time the staff is friendly .
love target !
great products and an amazing return policy !
my favorite of the big box , discount stores in the area .
i really enjoy this target more than any other super store in the area .
this target is one of my favorites .
it 's very clean and has just about everything here .
i wish though , that the staff would smile more and be more nice .
they look irritated all the time !
they did a good job with a passport pic that we needed asap .
best part , you do n't have to wait for the picture .
they give it to you in a few minutes .
very impressed .
this place is great !
super easy and very friendly .
i highly recommend giving them a go .
great dentist office with a friendly staff !
i would definitely recommend them .
they helped me with general cleanings and some cosmetic work .
they are always friendly and willing to work with you .
i even got my fiance hooked !
i highly recommend !
everyone knows taco bell and their food , this review is for their employees .
this store has the best employees .
the younger kids are respectful and professional too .
it is a great place for kids to have fun .
needless to say this is a place that the kids love .
they can eat great pizza & play which is all kids worry about .
veggie pizza is the best .
fun place and great for kids .
that was nice .
it 's always clean and the workers are always friendly .
what i really like about this place is the service .
the employees are very cordial and enthusiastic .
well many places could take a lesson from peter piper !
great course for the money !
reasonable price and quick service .
love this place !
any mechanic who is fair and honest gets my vote !
thanks glen and ben !
wow .
these guys are awesome !
thanks guys !
good service !
the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
great shop and friendly service .
the prices seem to be very good as well .
highly recommend !
great service !
thank you scott and craig !
i had a great experience at this place .
i really love the firecracker wrap here .
great subs , really fresh bread , nice portions and good price .
great sub .
very good !
i will definitely be back !
i love shopping here .
always an amazing selection and so much to see .
always a pleasure shopping here !
the folks are nice , even if a bit slow sometimes .
saved .
happy .
thanks laurie .
that 's good service .
glad to see the manager is listening !
thanks !
i know i 'm in good hands with the staff at today 's dental !
great service with a smile !
good payment plans .
clean and comfortable .
highly recommend .
he is a wonderfully gifted dentist !
great bedside manner , very engaging and very attentive !
dr. nelson and his staff are the best !
so far so good .
i was given the full compliment of x-rays and exams .
dr glass was super nice and super funny .
very happy !
front desk was awesome , valerie was amazing and explained everything thoroughly .
i am thrilled that i found today 's dental .
everyone was very nice and i certainly feel that my business is appreciated .
a very good experience !
i love eye priority !
she is friendly , informative , and knows her stuff .
the office staff is friendly and the choice of frames is huge .
very highly recommended .
i love going to eye priority .
eye priority is phenomenal !
i am so impressed .
they are professional and every aspect of the practice is top notch .
the doctor here is very thorough .
they explain everything and always listen to concerns and questions .
i love this office , very personal , professional and fun .
i highly recommend eye priority .
excellent staff and no surprises at checkout !
my son is _num_ and 1/2 and they did a great job with him .
friendly .
i would highly recommend this office to everyone .
very friendly and knowledgeable and truly listened .
a great experience and would highly recommend dr. s !
this practice rocks !
the doctors are professional and friendly .
the staff are helpful and take a genuine interest in your needs .
the office is neat and clean .
i would highly recommend their services .
i always look forward to my appointments .
the staff is always courteous and helpful .
i love eye priority !
she is friendly , informative , and knows her stuff .
the office staff is friendly and the choice of frames is huge .
very highly recommended .
the office is very clean and the atmosphere upon arriving is very welcoming .
the optometrist , kelly , was fantastic .
however , the quality of care you receive here makes it fully worth it !
i would highly recommend them .
and her staff is really helpful and professional .
i 'm very happy to give them a strong recommendation !
friendly , takes the time to make sure that everything is correct !
great support staff !
the only eye doctor i trust with my eyes !
had a fantastic time here !
i 'd recommend this place to anybody !
office is nice and clean .
excellent experience !
so kind , patient , professional , and thorough !
i highly recommend her !
dr. monica is fabulous .
professional , kind and an excellent doctor .
i had a pleasant experience at eye priority .
she is a very knowledgable and capable optometrist .
she also makes you feel at ease and treats you like a friend .
if you are looking for an optometrist i highly recommend eye priority .
the office staff are also very helpful and friendly .
and will continue to do so .
highly recommend !
we love this place !
the experience was very good .
the dental hygienist was very pleasant , patient , and thorough .
great staff , great dentist and that 's why i 'm always coming back .
thanks guys .
much appreciated !
the hygienists are wonderful .
it was done with great care .
it truly is one of the best ones i have been to .
the treatment is top notch and the cuts are great .
had a very good experience .
call ahead , sometimes he gets busy but he 'll fit you in .
rest assured that it is still indeed open .
i got right in and was given amazing treatment .
best haircut i 've had in a long time .
perfect !
he took his time , and he did a good job .
i left happy with a great haircut .
fantastic barber shop .
great services .
will return frequently .
this place was great !
i love this place !
mike is a great barber .
fantastic haircut and great price .
it 's worth it .
thank you .
love the place .
good people running the place .
good maintenance personnel .
love living here .
safe area , nice neighbors and the office staff is great !
the staff at ahwatukee life center is top notch .
because they are the best .
saw me right away the next day for an adjustment and is just wonderful .
walk ins are welcomed which is great with my crazy schedule !
i will not go anywhere else for an adjustment .
i would highly recommend this office .
great service , easy and convenient location .
i know the staff makes great efforts to provide customer care and service .
and the best $ _num_ haircut .
great staff , great customer service , great hair cuts !
the experience is as wonderful as the cut .
wow !
great haircuts and coloring and waxing !
the hair professionals know what to do !
very witty , personable and helpful .
i have thick short hair and it 's a pain to maintain it .
i 'm very picky with who touches my hair .
she knows how to clean up my hair without taking too much length off .
looking for casual `` dive type '' yet clean ?
great place here !
yeah , it 's kind of a dive bar .
if you like going to bars to watch the game .
i love it !
had a great time at this place !
great atmosphere , fun staff .
very friendly .
excellent service !
i love that this place is so homey .
the new music venue is awesome .
great happy hour prices !
i was delightfully surprised at how good the food was !
the service was great and our server was attentive and friendly .
our drinks were delicious and potent .
i would definitely recommend !
nice place where its all about atmosphere !
i come here with my boyfriend to see the band noodles .
ive tried different things since i 've been here and everything has been good .
this venue is great for local musicians .
very cool venue .
it 's a good fun venue .
he 's doing a great job .
this place has great drinks , very affordable and great live music .
very friendly staff .
i highly recommend this place .
we 'll definitely return !
fun divey bar with great music that are in all the time .
best place ever .
best food .
will be a regular here !
this is a great family owned place .
they have always been very friendly and their prices are great .
the lady also does alterations and is really good at it .
they take great care of it and always do the job right .
these people said , `` no problem '' and did an excellent job .
courteous , competent owners .
great experience .
thank you !
excellent customer service .
it 's well worth the trip !
the front office staff is wonderful and i love dr elliot !
excited to have such a caring team for our new family member .
i love the consistent customer service and everyone who works there is awesome .
and the service you get is well worth it .
dr. howard is the most incredible vet i have ever met .
thank you !
these guys are absolutely the best !
the service was excellent .
i found all of the staff to be quiet friendly .
the food is excellent , assuming you like italian food .
exciting and different italian entrees ?
i very much enjoyed this place .
great ambience but a bit pricey .
definitely recommended !
keep the kids at home so you can really enjoy the experience .
great place to take a date .
as mentioned below , this is a great hidden spot .
amazing food , outstanding service -- a favorite destination .
great restaurant hands down !
absolutely delicious !
they were wonderful at accommodating our party of _num_ .
the service was incredible - so friendly and prompt .
they have a fabulous happy hour with great wine , drink and appetizer specials .
their seafood martini is fabulous !
will definitely be back .
the service was excellent from the minute we walked up to the door .
we left the restaurant very happy and satisfied .
very friendly service and great happy hour .
the hostess was a lot of fun , too .
highly recommended .
favorite italian restaurant in phoenix .
small , intimate and quaint .
both bar and restaurant have an amazing atmosphere .
love it !
which was amazing !
highly recommended !
i thought this restaurant was pretty good .
the mussels with red sauce and bread is excellent .
the drinks are good and the wine selection is more than adequate .
live entertainment on fridays and saturdays is a bonus .
not cheap but the food is worth it .
love it here !
no wonder it has been so successful .
its a great place to dine !
i went her for valentine 's day dinner with my girlfriend .
the food was excellent and the service was great .
i highly recommend this to anyone looking for a really nice italian dining experience .
nice atmosphere and great service too .
go and enjoy !
very nice place !
if you love italian food , this is the place to go .
very tasty italian food .
place is dimly lit and a little dated but nice and intimate .
very good !
nice people , and good food .
always recommend this place .
i love this spot .
the food is excellent , best lasagna i 've ever had .
excellent fish entrees and desserts .
good wine selection .
great neighborhood place .
amazing !
delicious !
it was our first time here and we were very impressed !
we came here for our anniversary & had an amazing dinner !
everything we had was delicious and the staff was exceptional !
will definitely be back !
great great great customer service !
i had the pleasure of dining here for the first time last week .
i will certainly be a regular here .
favorite vendor business dinner spot near my work .
entertaining live music !
wonderful surprise in ahwatukee !
food is delicious , on the expensive side but worth it .
staff was friendly and stayed on top of the service .
we will be going here again !
the staff was very welcoming and friendly !
chef been here since day one , tells you something about a place !
they use fresh small chunks of garlic and must dip each slice in butter .
the owner is a nice guy and always there .
the staff is amazing !
super friendly and very accommodating .
they were especially nice to our children .
we 're on vacation but i would recommend to locals .
it was perfectly prepared .
we also love their garlic bread and wonderful house salad .
it was a perfect evening !
love the intimate setting and decor .
the food is outstanding !
excellent service !
unparalleled !
very friendly and welcoming .
and the food is fresh .
the lighting and music is romantic .
made daily with sauce from scratch , i highly recommend the fettuccine alfredo .
one of our favorite places !
wonderful service and delicious food !
every entire we 've had has been delicious !
great customer service , delicious food , amazing vibe .
servers are very attentive .
enjoy this restaurant very much .
fine service .
recommend .
always excellent !
each year they host my small party of _num_ with perfection !
food is delicious and service impeccable !
thank you !
overall , we had a good time .
friday night included live performances and the musicians were truly amazing !
i must say that lasagna was delicious !
i like the family italian dining experience this restaurant provided .
great experience .
very good food .
excellent meal and the service was top notch .
the food was excellent and the staff was knowledgeable and charming .
a true gem in ahwatukee !
awesome !
was soo good , we came back for dinner the next day .
meals were fantastic , and a great value also .
it is a must go !
very friendly staff .
i love this restaurant and the new owners .
everyone there is absolutely so friendly .
the food is fabulous !
service was very friendly and efficient , and the food was delicious .
it made for an overall exceptional experience .
this is the most amazing food in ahwatukee !
we are so lucky to have this authentic food in our neighborhood .
this place is a real treasure !
the four of us all had great meals here last night .
it started with the owners seating us and checking on us thru the meal .
service was excellent and attentive .
office staff are excellent .
i 've had nothing but great experiences with this church and the community .
i love this church !
great church , very beautiful , feels like home .
ed is great !
i highly recommend this place .
very pleased to find ed 's in my neighborhood .
very good work at a very good price .
quality of repair was excellent .
this is the fastest wendy 's ever !
i 've never had bad service and my orders are always perfect .
good food , usually very fast , and a convenient location .
your food is always been fresh & hot .
: god bless with your success .
perfect amount of food .
i truly love the house dressing that they make and bottle for purchase .
it turns a normal green salad into a tasty treat .
i love the build your own thin crust pizza !
cheesecake is great if you get it before it sells out .
thank you nellos for a nice evening with my better half .
great pizza and good service !
it was very flavorful .
i thought the wheat crust was delicious .
the pizza was a perfect combination .
the salads are awesome , and large enough to split among a group .
the pizza is outstanding , especially the thin crust specials .
we always enjoy a meal here !
you definitely get all that and great service at nello 's .
the salads are huge and are full of flavor .
an there 's always a favorite on tap .
we enjoyed the four peaks peach ale .
good food - fresh and interesting local market pizzas .
great beer selection .
consistently good at all locations .
i love nello 's .
their hawaiian pizza is excellent .
it works for domino 's , after all .
this is an awesome pizza .
the rest of the group got various pizzas and loved everything !
love it .
love , love , love nellos !
the margarita pizza is the best !
try it out you will be glad you did !
we love nello 's in ahwatukee !
nom , nom , nom ... .
i did share with lou , she liked it too !
the place is nice , clean , open , and bright .
the service is always great !
i love nello 's !
if your in to pasta , the alfredo sauce is amazing !
we love the atmosphere at the restaurant .
service is great !
the servers are all very friendly and attentive .
i really enjoy nello 's .
simply the best !
i love their pizza !
i always order their pepperoni and mushroom deep dish pizza !
the servers are always friendly and the prices are very reasonable .
you ca n't go wrong here , everything is good !
awesome pizza and the house dressing is equally as good .
have been here a couple of times and the experience has always been pleasant .
food is great and the service is equally good .
staff was very nice to us .
in fact it was a nice clean restaurant .
worth going out of you 're way for .
i find that to be a good sign .
however everything tasted very good .
this is some of the best pizza i have ever had !
they had that spicy italian taste to it .
this was complimented nicely by the the thick cheese and fantastic dough .
nello 's is the best !
great local feel , great food , love this place .
it will soon be your go to feel good order .
it is good on everything .
the food and service are always good at nello 's .
we always make one or two trips here when in town for business .
everything taste fresh , the sauce , the dough , the toppings , yum !
this is one of my favorite places to eat lunch .
it 's close by too , which is an added convenience .
i eat here pretty much weekly .
wonderful pizza , both traditional and non traditional .
the pasta and starters are great as well .
wonderful staff fast courteous service .
they also have a very efficient pick up counter .
the servers are prompt and attentive .
the food is consistently delicious .
well done and thank you .
it is always worth it with you .
also love the pastas .
sandwiches are tasty as well .
but it 's damn close .
the pizza is very good as are the salads .
the food and drinks were so good !
the atmosphere was nice so happy we will be living near here !
i also love their entrees , especially the lasagna .
they have good pizza and good cannoli .
they also have a good happy hour with a rotating draft beer selection .
it 's was really good !
it was super good .
also super good .
unique wood fired pizza .
great wine selection .
great happy hour .
unique salads .
great gluten free pizza options and very attentive service .
always a great place to come for good food and some ambiance .
very interesting !
they also have great tvs and i 'd def come in for a game .
i love this neighborhood and this place !
awesome food , awesome staff , and awesome fun .
keep up the great service .
great beer selection , excellent atmosphere , staff is fun and personable .
i love this place .
antipasto salad and a glass of red wine is my favorite meal .
everything from the pizza , salads and sandwiches are amazing .
if you want to continue drinking after dinner , zipps is right next door !
loved i then and love the warmer location now !
such a great spot .
really great food .
beer selection is fantastic .
servers are always nice .
very accommodating for children too !
this place is amazing !
great food and the best service we have had in a long time !
this will definitely be our new pizza spot .
fantastic services by mary anne .
made my family feel like we 've becoming there for years .
mmmmm love nello 's !
this is my favorite pizza joint .
service has always been amazing .
the pizza is awesome and salad are amazing .
it 's now one of my favorite places to go for pizza .
great for kids .
homemade mozzarella is amazing .
our server , mo , was her typically excited and helpful self .
the service was great .
the atmosphere was wonderful .
last treat was a tiramisu .
overall , i would like to go back to try something else .
service was great as well .
service is always great .
super fun environment with a lot of regulars .
the employees also have a lot of knowledge about menu items .
it was delicious !
i will definitely be returning and recommending to my friends !
great pizza fresh ingredients .
the pineapple is the best pineapple ever .
love this family restaurant who serves fresh , tasty food .
they are amazing !
my brother ordered the parlor burger which is always great !
highly recommend nellos to anyone new to the area !
definitely one of the best pizza places in ahwatukee .
great place , the food and wait staff are great .
their specials are great and complex , i really ca n't say enough .
we also ordered spinach salad .
it was very fresh .
happy hour is the best !
everything we ate was delicious !
and it was just as good the next day !
best pizza ever .
great employees .
love the old world salad .
add garlic bread and some wine and you have a nice light meal .
pizzas are wonderful and beer selections nice .
keep it up guys .
by far the best pizza and service ever !
love their happy hour .
my family loves to eat at nellos .
we ordered the caprese for an appetizer and it was delicious .
good pizza and salads .
great space and location .
good service .
patio is a nice option .
i just tried this place last night and it was amazing !
the pizza really has its own `` taste '' to it and is delicious .
got the thin crust deluxe and loved it .
the staff is amazing there !
they were great !
we ordered a small pizza with bacon , delish !
but very very good .
pizza lovers & pasta lovers this the place for you .
the service was good .
nice evening out with family .
server was excellent .
pizza was good .
sauce is original and delicious .
burger was good with quality meat .
nice bar , nice atmosphere , and a great patio for cooler months .
amazing pizza with incredible flavor !
also the place was very clean and the atmosphere was awesome .
the food was so delicious .
the service was good , attentive but not annoying .
the chefs board was really good , had enough to share with _num_ people .
best pizza , the bread is always so well done .
awesome place , highly recommended .
yum this place was good !
will definitely be back .
their pizza is very good , but it does n't stop there .
nice ambiance with a clean , nice , simple , italian decor .
great place to grab dinner and a drink with family and friends .
market pizzas are always unique and amazing !
all of the food is delicious .
definitely should try this if you 're looking for great food and great prices .
love the food and the service .
it took me _num_ years to get there , but i was very pleased .
we had wine , salad and pizza and all were very good .
thanks to all at nellos !
as always , the food was wonderful .
nellos fresh ingredients shine through in every bite .
great salads .
with that said , great food , great service , great atmosphere .
great food , great staff , great ambiance .
this is our regular , go-to restaurant .
the hidden menu gem for me is the pork wings .
they are awesome , give them a try !
love this place !
the staff is always efficient .
i highly recommend this nello 's !
everything on the menu is delicious and the prices are reasonable .
food was really good .
the service today was the best i 've had .
angela took excellent care of us and we had a great late lunch .
definitely coming back .
mo ( socks ) was very kind as well .
i love this place !
here is a great secret that i will share with you .
this is my favorite date night spot with my boyfriend .
the ambiance is warm and the staff are very friendly .
one of my favorite places !
the food is always good here .
pizzas are perfect and cold draft beer !
i came in today with a school group and she was amazing .
she took care of us without hesitation and was great with the kids .
the service was incredible .
decent pizza , very tasty house salad dressing .
everything seemed fresh .
i would recommend this restaurant and thank you again mo !
wow !
i love this place .
great crust on the pizza `` pie . ''
i have come her for years and it is better than ever .
great atmosphere .
the service here is always friendly and the food is obviously delicious .
great pizza !
love the pizza , so good .
great spot , way better than scottsdale location .
definitely will be returning !
the bottom crust is deliciously crunchy - so good , addictive actually .
we always receive great service .
nate is one of the best servers we have ever met .
he is attentive , makes great recommendations and follows our pace .
nellos has a culture of excellence in service and great food .
love the pizza ... .
happy hour is _num_ to _num_ and offers great deals on wine and drafts .
it 's a staple in our lives ... .
nellos is the best !
i will be back soon for sure .
service aside , the food is always fresh and tasty .
love this place !
food is always great and fresh and tastes home made .
the servers are always nice and make sure you are taken care of .
wow - must be the new management .
the food has always been good , service - not so much .
awesome place .
great staff , very friendly .
service was top notch .
awesome !
food was good .
plenty of choices .
they give you a lot of food and it always tastes fresh .
the new pizza is good .
they were great , cooked perfectly and the parm crust was awesome !
dominos has gotten really good in the last few years .
my family really likes their garlic sauce to dip their pizza in .
they deliver !
great domino 's app love it .
pizza and service is always top notch .
price , quality , convenience , and easy .
we order from our place of work and have always been happy .
two thumbs up !
but they deliver fast and hot !
hint hint !
order is correct , service is fast , and they have gluten free !
the delivery drivers here are always fast and super nice !
so good !
we were all so shocked how amazing the pizza turned out !
i am very impressed as it takes a lot to impress me .
the staff is friendly , courteous , and efficient .
love the place and staff .
always friendly , fast to deliver , and quality is outstanding .
happy to have this business in my neighborhood .
happy to be their client .
thank you !
if you have n't tried this dry cleaner yet , please do !
absolutely no complaints !
this is a friendly neighborhood cleaner with a quick turnaround and a drive-through !
also really happy with the alterations i had done on a pair of pants .
we are moving soon but i 'll keep coming back to ahwatukee cleaners !
all of the staff is friendly and helpful .
i recommend them to anyone i speak to .
i feel that they have some of the most competitive pricing in the valley .
more importantly , there service quality is spot on .
but i actually like the place .
i actually enjoy it !
so what brought me to ra was a team dinner with my coworkers .
fab happy hour ... .
for sushi in the desert ra is pretty good .
i recommend the vegas roll almost everything i have had has been pretty good .
the service is okay , pretty friendly , just busy .
go on your birthday and enjoy a full size tempura ice cream dessert !
plenty for the whole table to share !
so good that i don ' t even mind the wait .
ra has an excellent happy hour , and reverse happy hour on sundays .
not to mention , the food is delicious .
it is incredible !
always enjoy our visits to ra .
what a great recommendation !
we sat at the sushi bar and had a great time !
she loved them all , so no more just california rolls for her !
kat was our server and she was very attentive and extremely polite .
we thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
we love our visits to ra !
i not only love the food , the service is amazing !
also , the best music selection of any restaurant i 've ever been to .
love th miso soup and the overall atmosphere !
my husband and i always keep coming back !
have you tried their happy hour ?
the tempura calamari is wonderful , please try .
gyoza is good .
sushi has plenty of the good stuff - wasabi , makes you feel alive .
love the music .
good place for a celebration with lots of people though .
very friendly service .
good service , good price , good food , and sexy waitresses .
really cool ambiance if you are looking for a trendy spot .
food is good and pretty consistent .
i had their vegas roll , totally delicious !
i love the happy hour here more than anything !
food is consistently tasty and people are way cool .
take care of your bartenders !
love this place !
happy hour is the best !
service is great too ... try it out during happy hour its worth it !
strawberry lemonade for the drink ... service was great and the food exceptionally fresh !
i 've been here before this time and will continue to return .
great sushi for great prices .
better than sushi eye for sure .
awesome & best sushi place !
new cherry bellini rocks too !
overall fabulous food , drinks , and amazing service .
great service .
great sushi !
recommend sitting at the sushi bar .
the vegas roll was amazing , and the coconut creme brle was excellent .
great food , the crunchy calamari roll is my fav !
best place for sushi in ahwatukee .
it was a little oily but was very interesting .
their sushi is amazing !
i love ra , everything on their menu is soo good .
thank god we had some extra sushi and my fiance had some of that .
i 've always been a fan of their happy hour .
i 'm a huge fan of their pork gyoza and edamame .
great for lunch too !
the service is typically great as well .
staff always friendly .
food is good and will always be a customer .
happy hours are excellent .
cool decor , great happy hour .
sushi was fresh and great .
waiter was friendly and efficient .
loved the patio .
ra is a tradition for us .
great service and great food , all the time .
very impressed with the service .
sushi was delicious a lot better than my last ra experience at another location .
came in during sunday happy which i would recommend .
great lunch .
the lunch was fantastic .
the flavor was just right with enough savory sauce and sticky sweet rice .
the fish on top was perfectly cut into cubes and plenty of it .
i liked it a lot .
one of my favorite happy hour spots .
the happy hour food menu is strong and there are drink options for everyone .
the sushi itself , while definitely not the best in town , is decent .
ra sushi is wonderful .
their food is amazing and their presentation fantastic .
they have vegetarian options as well .
the service at ra sushi is amazing !
thank you again ra sushi for the awesome service !
cinnamon tempura gelato ... yeah ... get that .
you can get _num_ rolls for around _num_ bucks , which is fantastic .
i 've been during regular times and found the food way overpriced .
i live right by here and have been going here for many years now .
thank me later !
come here and give her a big tip !
great service and amazing food for a chain sushi restaurant !
enjoy the sake bombs and every role has a unique flavor of its own !
go to the ray rd location for a good time and a movie afterwards !
amazing service !
best happy hour sushi .
most consistent sushi in town .
always a fun place to eat .
i love the vegas roll .
we definitely will be going on .
we sat at the bar for a quick drink and sushi before a show .
once again great and attentive service from the bartenders .
great deal that is going thru the end of march .
they offer a very good deal with four rolls for $ _num_ .
was also pleasantly surprised by the service and attention to customer satisfaction .
seriously the best service i 've ever received !
coming from out of town the server was so good !
he even bought us dessert !
i absolutely love this place !
the drinks are always awesome & the bartender knows how to make them .
i visited this venue twice and i loved every bit of it .
not super strong but a good twist at the end !
this was a great lunch visit .
sashimi salad was perfectly prepared .
good was fresh and delicious !
happy about having saturday happy hour !
rolls are great .
i really love the atmosphere here .
really good spot for groups or first dates !
i really enjoy coming here and love the feel !
love the las vegas roll here and the sushi roll wrapped in cucumber .
great food , fair pricing and excellent staff !
great place for happy hour , as well !
one of my favorite sushi bars .
the happy hour is great , the staff is always great .
this is the best location in az .
crazy monkey roll is delicious with mango sauce and cashews .
they have a lot of good sushi specials .
they have a good happy hour and some very good rolls .
the ambiance is trendy and hip .
since writing my last review , this location has improved tremendously .
everyone is so friendly at this location .
the patio was lovely and had heaters to keep the night chill away .
love this place !
good service and good sushi !
ra , you have a great server on your hands .
had some great drinks here on happy hours .
service was excellent and place was clean !
thanks !
fantastic dining experience !
a great shop for the big girls in your life .
highly recommend this location !
i had an excellent experience here .
you can get lots of stuff cheaper !
this location was wonderful .
all staff was friendly and helpful even though they were busy .
one lady in particular really went above and beyond .
what a great location !
i will definitely be back .
the food is pretty good !
the baby egg rolls are good too !
even with that all in mind i did enjoy the food still .
as for the restaurant itself the people are still very polite and helpful .
the decor is nice and calm and still looks very nice .
all and all i would recommend this place to anyone .
the food was pretty good .
the food quality is very good a la par with their prices .
needless to say , the asian cuisine is diverse and flavorful .
served very hot and the sauces were hearty and flavorful .
they 're reliable , and give good portions of food .
the miso soup is delicious !
chicken katsu is one of my favorites .
they deliver to my office so i figured i 'd give them a shot .
great !
i tried the thai basil rice with chicken and it was lovely .
this place continues to stay and for good reason .
the food is hot and fresh and flavorful .
if you want it spicy - you got it .
this place is clean and even my momma ( soooo picky ) loved it .
they were very good .
fast and delicious .
another big plus is their serving sizes .
good quality chicken for a teriyaki bowl .
was very tasty .
good quality customer service .
thanks for that because your teriyaki chicken is really good .
we will definitely be back employees were very courteous and nice .
their crab puffs are amazing !
they serve a good amount of food .
love this place , its definitely a top _num_ fav for take out .
this place is awesome !
staff is always friendly and food is always good !
wings are good and the crab puffs are amazing !
hidden gem next to the ahwatukee movie theatre .
their rangoons and egg rolls are also top notch for arizona .
would highly recommend eating here .
quick and friendly service was the best part of the meal .
also clean the floors so it matches the new clean looking tables & booths .
good luck savor flavor !
savor flavor has quickly become my new favorite place in ahwatukee .
everything here is phenomenal .
it 's asian cuisine always hits the spot .
the food is way worth the wait .
the service is amazing , too !
delicious !
it was perfectly crispy on the outside and tender and savory on the inside .
delicious .
highly recommend this place .
this place is awesome !
their food is a step above the local chinese restaurant .
all fresh ingredients made to order and delicious !
nice variety of choices , definitely recommend !
absolutely the best china food i 've had in phoenix so far .
tastes and feels fresh .
it tastes like they took egg drop soup and made it spicy .
everything wise had been great !
and their food is amazing and always so fast !
we are very happy with the food at savor flavor asia .
maybe the new name caught our attention .
the staff seemed to enjoy what they do , too .
the food was good .
that being said , i love savor flavor asia .
i highly recommend the vietnamese spring rolls !
fresh and cool , they 're perfect for a hot summer afternoon .
everything i 've tried has been great !
best asian food place to eat .
they will totally customize your meal for you .
how ever you want your meal , they will make it that way .
great customer service .
the food was hot and freshly made .
i liked it and will be back soon .
it was delivered quick and it was easy .
the staff who delivered my food was really nice !
i will definitely be back .
it is now savor flavor .
we like the strong vietnamese coffee .
it 's a bit creamy , but pretty good .
the service is nice and we like the new owners .
love this place .
full of flavor !
best chinese in ahwatukee .
the thai basil fried rice is good too .
vegan and vegetarian friendly !
i love this place !
food here is fantastic .
ticket times are quick for how great the food is too !
i 've ordered from here several times and the food is always delicious .
the delivery is fast and the employees are always super friendly !
great food and friendly service .
a nice change from the standard chinese fare .
food is fresh and tasty , varied menu and constantly upgrading their offerings .
you can tell the owner is passionate about his restaurant .
and both times i have had great service and the food has been amazing .
it was perfectly crunchy and saucy .
this is now my favorite lunch place .
i eat here several times a week as its absolutely delicious !
thanks megan !
employees are friendly .
we were very happy with our food .
the crab puffs were amazing !
pretty good stuff and reasonable price .
they deliver !
the flavor , temperature and consistency of the food is always spot on .
we will definitely visit again .
enjoyed some excellent orange chicken .
this is one of the best places i 've been too all around .
the people that work here are always super nice and friendly .
definitely recommend .
i have eaten here several times now and the food is really tasty .
they have good quantity of veggies and protein to make a healthy meal .
price is extremely reasonable and this is a good place to dine in .
great food .
worth the wait .
sesame chicken is my favorite .
very reasonable for a good amount of food .
amazing garlic chili edamame .
the vietnamese pho is the best around .
the owners are super nice and the food is awesome .
best ever .
everything else has been amazing .
it 's amazing every time !
i love spicy food and savor flavor asia delivers !
friend and i tried for the first time today .
fantastic first impression with customer service .
would recommend to all !
this place is great .
probably the best asian place in ahwatukee and decently priced .
an inspiring sight .
love this location !
by far my favorite bookstore to go to .
they staff is friendly and helpful and they do have good sales occasionally .
it 's nuts and fairly priced .
a great store for teachers .
what a lovely place to spend shopping and browsing .
great layout and helpful staff .
their selections are unique and well made .
it is the must visit teacher supply stop .
i love this place !
it 's a fun atmosphere and everyone that works there is so nice .
i highly recommend !
staff is great and buddy the therapy dog is awesome !
have gone here many , many times with great results always !
great knowledge and customer service !
wonderful people work there !
you really get to know them and become friends with them !
it 's my second time going there and it really does help !
buddy the therapy dog is awesome !
, friendly and knowledgeable staff .
very positive experience !
nice touch !
i highly recommend this place .
thank you !
great staff !
they make you feel comfortable and they are very knowledgeable .
great results , great atmosphere , and great staff .
this is my second round of therapy with tony , and highly recommend him .
highly recommend .
one of the best places i 've found for an oil change .
very professional and fairly priced .
the manager chris is super friendly and personable .
everyone is professional and they get the job done with very reasonable prices .
great service great price !
they 'll take any competitors coupon even if the deal is an amazing deal .
thanks so much for the help guys !
very professional and polite customer service .
david is very knowledgeable and helpful .
i highly recommend them .
fantastic service approximately _num_ times i 've been in .
prices are definitely better than the dealership for example .
prices are very reasonable .
they have a very friendly and knowledgeable staff !
highly recommend this organization !
ken was outstanding .
great service .
fair prices .
honesty .
all huge reasons why i service my van here .
great customer service .
great food , fresh and flavorful !
for a chain restaurant its a favorite .
friendly staff and the restaurant is always clean .
count on more service from us at this place -- thank you very much !
then i 'll have it and i 'm reminded how good it is !
good fish tacos .
this is a really good rubio 's location .
fresh mexican style food .
it 's a delight every time i go .
i recommend rubio 's every time someone from back east comes out to visit .
this place has the best gourmet shrimp , bacon & avocado tacos !
food is always consistent .
staff always friendly .
excellent fish tacos and burritos !
cute and fast atmosphere .
prices are reasonable and the fish tacos were very nice and crispy .
for a quick lunch with a mexican flair this place hit the spot !
bright and inviting little place in a strip mall , with very friendly staff .
service was pretty quick and the food came out hot and fresh looking .
i ordered the grilled chicken enchilada and it was delicious .
love this place !
people are friendly , place is clean .
it was fabulous !
everything fresh and tasty .
great place for a quick healthy work lunch !
i tried the california bowl , and it was very good .
i also tried the classic taco and i loved it !
they were quick and very polite , and overall i had a great experience .
i will definitely go back , and i recommend giving them a try .
i love their original fish tacos .
the best fish taco i have ever had .
the staff is always extremely nice .
i loved the contrast in textures there .
rubios i always leave with a smile on my face thank you !
shrimp taco special is awesome !
but overall i had a good experience and will definitely go there again .
keep in mind that the western unit went out months ago .
sure beats the fancy gold 's out in scottsdale !
i am happy with my choice !
awesome .
got ta love this place .
staff is awesome .
signed up with chris and he was very helpful and friendly .
great gym and a great price .
we were very pleased with the service and the price .
i will be back and would recommend this place to others .
the customer service is great , they are all friendly and always remember me .
its not the closet to me , but its worth the extra drive .
super nice staff and they are really good with the pedicure .
i enjoy this place and would def come back again .
absolutely recommend it .
great value , experience and happy with results .
it was a great deal and the manicure looks great !
i would definitely recommend this place and i will be back !
this is a five star nails salon for sure .
they do an exceptional job every time .
my personal favorite is molly .
she takes her time and always exceeds my expectation .
he is nice with the designs .
needless to say i really love this place !
everyone should give it a try .
this is a great man destination .
the smoking accessories are interesting .
everything else aside , the customer service is great .
we had a really good experience here .
the guy was really cool though .
good place , decent selection , good staff .
priced a bit high on the cigars .
pipe tobacco selection is pretty good and well priced though .
the staff are very friendly and knowledgable about pool maintenance .
great pool store .
bottom line : i trust these guys !
nice .
the continental breakfast is better balanced than a lot i 've had .
really nice customer service .
this is my favorite la quinta location in the entire phoenix area .
great little hotel `` inn '' with all you need .
good value .
clean rooms , excellent service , super friendly staff .
very clean and modern .
this location is one of the best .
he was organized and super easy to get along with !
the owner , frank , is very committed to making his company the best .
the office staff were always friendly and helpful .
windy city djs was wonderful .
lee , our dj , was incredibly organized and professional .
had a great experience with frank and his team .
it was our daughter 's sweet _num_ , and it was perfect .
the light show is a must .
i recommend windy city dj 's for your needs .
it was clean , quiet , and nicely appointed .
sounds like fun to me !
this place is amazing , great friendly staff , amazing rooms too !
the water park is amazing and the lobby bar is pretty awesome too .
i 've been to the water park in the summer and it 's great !
great service .
he gave us some great tips .
travis was very attentive and friendly too .
sam , the golf instructor is highly recommended .
liked the pools and water park .
the bar rocks !
quite nice .
every dollar was worth it .
fun fun fun for the whole family !
how cool !
this is definitely a place to go with the family .
i had a villa so i was quite spoiled .
the lobby restaurant has the best pizza and pancakes i may have ever eaten .
the bell staff are responsive and kind .
the price here is the best part .
it is a blast !
( day of check-in & day of check-out ) .
the event was smooth , and we were well taken care of .
staff is so friendly and spa treatments are awesome .
cart guys will pick you up with a simple phone call .
rooms are clean and spacious .
will continue coming here !
very nice .
the guy had a very good mac and cheese and perfectly cooked steamed asparagus .
i would recommend this place for lunch if you 're in the area .
amazing , loved this place .
the water park was amazing and the adult drinks are super yummy .
i love attending this place when they have living social deals .
great pools and kid friendly .
we had a wonderful family staycation .
i was impressed by the staff and the resort as a whole .
great relaxation and something for everyone .
nice golf course ... .
beautiful views ... .
comfortable beds ... ... great room .
thanks you guys .
thank you phil !
we enjoyed our room , overlooking the practice golf course .
let me start off by saying we had a great time .
we all really had a great time !
our two bedroom suite was perfect overlooking the lobby and golf course .
we all had plenty of space to relax and the beds were incredibly comfortable .
all in all it was a great time had by all .
this place is extremely beautiful and inviting .
they also have a very nice gym which we took full advantage of .
still , the food was fantastic .
i would highly recommend this resort to everyone and would definitely stay here again .
well , this place surprised me .
i played in a golf tournament here and stayed overnight .
plenty of pools and spas .
this place is beautiful .
hospitality is great .
food is good .
gym is good .
plenty to do here and plenty of swimming pools .
worth checking out .
the view of the golf course is relaxing & the service was timely .
i would definitely return & recommend to others .
this resort is big , fun , and would be great for everyone .
staff was super friendly , food was decent .
great price $ _num_ a night plus taxes .
so far the best place i ever stayed .
everyone is friendly and the food is great !
cool spot i 'll come back .
food was excellent for a bar and large portions .
mattress was great and provided good nights sleep .
highly recommend !
my wife and i had the best experience at this resort .
the fitness center was great , we took a yoga and spinning class .
we had a great vacation and i ca n't recommend this place enough .
the hotel was terrific ; staff was incredibly friendly and helpful .
our room was clean and well stocked with a beautiful view .
the water park was well enjoyed by the literally hundreds of dancing kids .
the water park was great for the kids .
rooms were nice and quiet .
awesome place !
they are absolutely the best for arizona couples looking to get married !
great pricing , amazing food , fabulous locations for ceremony and reception !
i am very impressed with the arizona grand resort and spa .
i recommend bringing your own ice chest and snacks for your room .
my kids had lots of fun !
just got married at arizona grand and it was amazing !
booked a _num_ bedroom villa , which was beautiful .
and the pool was right across the street !
but overall the experience was great and we are definitely hitting it up again !
my second time staying here and had a blast again !
my kids love the water park !
my family had a wonderful time and we will be returning !
water park is great and our most recent room was very clean and remodeled .
we love coming here .
the food is great .
the water park is family friendly a be awesome for all .
so much fun for all .
and the staff was very friendly .
it was really enjoyable !
they are at the top of our recommendation list !
we always stay here while in phoenix .
it 's an oasis for real .
the grill is good but very over priced for the quality .
will easily go back !
my husband and i had a staycation here last week and enjoyed ourselves .
nice , older resort .
the grounds are beautiful .
great idea !
drinks and food are very tasty .
all in all , a pretty good experience .
this course is very well maintained and a significant value .
enjoyed the stay , the water park area has the best part .
staff is amazing !
my wife and i held our wedding here in march of _num_ .
i came here for a business trip and enjoyed every minute .
the rooms were nice and clean and the resort had a lot to do .
it was very challenging but very well maintained .
great family and/or couples resort !
spa treatments available with a very nice golf course to boot .
check in and out was exceptional !
best service i 've had in the hospitality industry in a long time .
the price is worth it .
thank you !
i enjoyed the arizona grand very much .
my family and i love the arizona grand .
i totally recommend going to the spa at the arizona grand .
it was so relaxing and a great experience .
i love this place .
good food ... good times ... good view .
definitely recommend having dinner here with a party ready to have some fun .
the kids will love it !
all around fun !
i really enjoyed this restaurant while on vacation this summer !
and it was all delicious .
if i 'm ever in arizona again i will definitely be back .
this place is fun and awesome .
our food was amazing and portions were more than enough .
the view is second to none and the atmosphere was great !
i would recommend this place as a true az experience .
they just melt in your mouth !
the food here is a solid _num_ .
the view is amazing .
they all do a great job keeping you entertained too .
absolutely beautiful view of the city .
entertainment starting early in the evening .
food is ok but you come here for the fun .
priced right and worth the visit .
great value , staff , and atmosphere .
great atmosphere and great food and a dance floor .
great food , live band and a metal slide to entertain the kids !
fun relaxed pace , felt like we were in texas .
we got the cowboy stuff and it was tasty .
broccoli , asparagus , etc .
this place is crazy and lively , without a doubt .
enough to share with _num_ or _num_ other people .
the food was good .
great view of the city .
our food was very good .
service is very good .
the cotton candy after dinner was a great surprise .
love this place and better yet , so did my kid !
great food ( there is a ton of it ) and even better atmosphere .
beef ribs were perfectly spicy and sweet .
the indian fried bread and biscuits with whipped cinnamon butter are great .
i loved the whipped butter served room temperature .
good food , awesome atmosphere with terrific views !
i got the t-bone steak , which was reasonably tasty .
the outdoor eating area was amazing .
pretty good joint .
great place for all ages !
music and decor was wonderful .
food was a little late getting to us , but we had fun waiting .
a great experience every time we make it here .
servers are always very helpful and attentive .
steaks are good and the sides are good if not very inventive .
this is definitely one of our favorite restaurants !
on top of the hill w/ a great view of the city .
the staff are always friendly and service is fast .
there is live entertainment and very family friendly .
a great place to take out of town visitors .
the indian fry bread was delicious with the cinnamon butter and honey as always .
great view !
i really loved this place .
it was also cute to see the families out dancing too .
the food was good .
i had the prime rib which was good .
we just moved to the area , and have stopped by twice .
both times , the food and atmosphere were amazing .
delicious !
great view !
we will definitely be back - many times !
enjoy !
this place was so much fun !
the atmosphere was fun and friendly .
which is fine by me !
i tried swordfish for the first time and it was really good .
the bread they served was very tasty and it came with flavored butter !
they also have a really great selection of beers .
the view out of their big windows was also very beautiful .
bring some cash with you so that you can tip him .
the city lights are very pretty at night .
melissa made the vacation dinner stress free and fun .
fun atmosphere , great drinks and tasty food .
we were here last saturday and had a really good time .
the steaks were delicious and the service was good .
we simply love the food .
great cowboy atmosphere , and the food is good too !
great ambiance and good food .
but for the most part , it 's worth the trip !
we really do love this place .
also kids eat free through labor day !
they loved seeing the bull outside and the cave like entry .
regardless , we will definitely be back for the view and the band .
great food and service !
huge restraunt !
awesome view !
the food was great , the service was great , the drinks were great .
we ate outside and the view was spectacular .
this place is great , food is great , staff is great .
been there several times and each visit everything is top notch .
steak , bbq , band , service .
love the view too !
i personally go back often and take visitors and friends each time .
great big steaks that taste pretty good and are very reasonably priced .
live band was decent and a decent volume , not too loud .
this is my `` bring the out-of-towners '' place .
the views are spectacular , too !
the cotton candy was fun at the end of the meal .
great service and very quick once we got seated .
priceless .
order the rattlesnake appetizer for a unique treat .
great cowboy atmosphere , live band most nights .
love this place .
i personally believe that these are the best value on the menu .
i take the bones home for my dogs , and they love them .
the steaks look good , as does the prime rib .
the view is awesome , love the slide , especially for the kiddos !
very quick service for our large party - thank you mark johnson !
free cotton candy with dessert !
and quite possibly the best chocolate cake anywhere .
it 's true !
the accommodated our group very well and we had great service .
the food was very good and portions were plentiful .
oh and it 's family friendly .
pleasantly surprised .
kids loved the slide and the games .
band was fun .
food was good .
entrees are large and can easily be shared .
overall a great experience .
this place was great !
we loved all of it !
they even got cotton candy for dessert .
: - ) great time had by all .
this is a fun , affordable , kid friendly restaurant !
kids eat free in the summer and you ca n't beat that !
had an awesome experience food was great live country band customer service was great .
view was beautiful will definitely recommend it .
great for friends or a date night .
awesome place .
the bread is phenomenal , the family style salad is huge and unlimited .
i got the all you can eat beef ribs and they were great .
great atmosphere .
i love this place !
lol ) country music group that i thought was pretty good .
this place is definitely fun for the kids .
place is unique .
steak was good but i enjoyed the views more .
the staff is great , they even have a close up magician .
food was delicious too .
i have to say it was definitely worth it !
the drinks were poured with a heavy hand and tasted delicious .
the fun cotton candy deserts impressed both the kids and adults alike .
this is my third visit .
take out is available .
worth the trip .
i was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the reviews .
the st. louis spare ribs were tasty and the view and atmosphere was great .
what a great time !
everything was delicious and prices reasonable .
the best beef ribs i have had in years .
definitely loved the views and the slide .
great atmosphere , view .
new york strip and ribeye were delicious !
easily one of the best places i ate at while visiting phoenix recently .
came here for a party and it was a great venue .
brought friends from out of town here .
the food was good.
kids had a good time .
great atmosphere , live bull at the entrance enjoyed the slide coming in !
great view the service was good .
we are happy that we took her suggestion !
we enjoyed live music as we had cocktails and appetizers .
the views are awesome too .
last night the food was even pretty good .
husband had steak and ribs , tender and tasty .
the view is awesome .
great service !
the food is really good .
the kids love the slide .
great time !
amazing place to have dinner while visiting arizona .
the country feeling is great , amazing view and good food .
thanks amber for your help !
when the server is nice the food tastes even better .
i seriously even loved the smell of the bull they had out side lol .
yes , this place is super huge !
great for large parties , of course if you can afford .
food was good & worth the value .
great food and fun fun fun .
found this place on yelp .
best place for birthdays and date nights .
food was good , good pricing on food , server was good also .
so fun !
would love to come back !
a must see and do !
great service .
the food is delicious .
great place for a top of phoenix view !
great food and drinks !
this is a great place to take out of town guests to .
i have been here _num_ times and always had a good experience .
great for groups with live entertainment and wholesome food .
also a fun place to take out of town guests with kids .
wow !
the wedding set up was awesome !
mike is excellent going above and be on the call of duty .
food and service were great .
five stars were well earned !
took my family from ohio here and we had a great experience !
our server was great and so was the food .
great views and free cotton candy for dessert .
service was terrific and the view from the patio was wonderful !
great food and atmosphere !
it has a western feel to it and is a happy place to be .
my swordfish was cooked perfectly , and the portion size was generous .
the food and view are worth the price .
the house band was great as well as the waitstaff .
great drinks !
nice atmosphere and free cotton candy after dinner .
awesome food and entertaining .
great city view .
servers were very friendly !
definitely going back !
we loved this place !
great steak and service was very friendly .
ribeye was cooked perfectly and the portion size was huge .
was definitely a hit .
had the swordfish , it was tender and tasty .
family style salad was crisp , and cornbread a nice touch .
moderate prices , live band , great view .
always fun !
great atmosphere !
beautiful views !
entertainment while you wait !
great restaurant for entertainment while you wait for your food .
thank you tom !
my prime rib was cooked as i liked and tasted great .
all the other steaks at our table were great .
my wife 's ribeye was very tasty .
staff was excellent .
neat place to take your family .
food was good .
we had dinner here last night and enjoyed it .
the food was good and prices were fair .
amazing view amazing food amazing service .
great views from patio or even from inside dining .
my t-bone was excellent as was all of our groups food .
the view was definitely the best part of this place !
the food was actually pretty good , and the service was fine .
maybe next time will be better .
we still definitely plan on returning .
very good !
average at best .
loved the cotton candy at the end .
really enjoyed the country western band .
will surely go back .
watch out , you can fill up fast on these delicious starters !
the swordfish is very good .
the best !
a real event !
live country music , reasonable pricing and the great view over phoenix , az .
we love it here !
then complimentary cotton candy for dessert !
the view was fantastic .
we go here every few months and love it !
i 'd definitely recommend it !
what a fun event .
indoor or out door seating and great food .
this is a great place to go eat prime rib !
service and staff are very attentive and friendly .
the house salad they served also very good .
cotton candy is served after the meal on most days !
absolutely delicious .
there is a huge slide for the kids enjoyment .
it 's extremely fun and i highly recommend this to anyone .
great food .
all of our food was great .
price is worth the view and atmosphere .
i loved it here !
love desert schools !
great teachers and helpful staff .
i truly see and feel the value of my degree .
definitely the best bears bar in phoenix and the friendliest too .
amazing bears bar with a true chicago feel .
excellent bar selection and great service .
the highlight is definitely the entertainment .
came here because we bought a restaurant.com gift certificate .
we got burgers which were good .
great juke box , service , food , and the place was super clean !
fun environment , nice dart boards ( steel tip ) , professional pool tables .
this _num_ sons location has one of the best car washes in the valley !
friendly staff .
and it is always good to support local businesses .
great practice , great dentist !
recommended !
they are caring , friendly , and professional .
the visits are always pleasant .
the people here are very nice , friendly , and professional .
i 've enjoyed every visit that i 've made .
the owners are very personable and sweet people .
the food is always good .
i favor the classic italian and my daughter likes the black angus steak .
i think this is a great local sandwich shop .
fast , simple .
everyone has always greeted me with a smile .
very affordable and friendly cleaners .
i recommend !
good quality cleaners and very reasonable price !
the dry cleaning is always finished promptly and done beautifully .
thank you !
and i love the same day service and drop off window .
plus the staff is friendly and funny !
friendly service .
the community always looks beautiful and feels peaceful .
the property is well maintained , clean , quiet and safe .
a great place to stop off for a drink and the food is excellent !
the daily specials truly are , do yourself a favor and enjoy one .
this is a school that excels at everything .
make an appointment to check it out today .
love that school .
teachers are amazing .
community is amazing .
it is truly an incredible community .
you truly have to see it to believe it !
he has loved every teacher along the way .
love the community .
the moment you walk in the door the staff makes you feel special .
the first service is contemporary and the second is more traditional .
everyone is very welcoming and friendly .
i love this church .
great messages and great people !
and now that i have a child there , i can see why .
so the quality of instruction is excellent .
we love god 's garden !
the staff are phenomenal !
we have loved our teachers so far .
i feel like they really go above and beyond to help the children .
thank you !
these guys are amazing .
outstanding service .
great value , reasonable .
well the previous reviews still stand true , pro edge is awesome .
i bought the groupon for this service and what a deal !
so easy and convenient - they come to you .
there are always coupons available online as well .
they nail it every time .
awesome service , timely delivery , and always fresh !
always fast and have never had an issue with my order .
the brooklyn style is especially good !
the high reviews of this place are well earned .
fast , earlier than stated , and the dough was delicious for delivery .
great staff !
this place is actually pretty good if you do n't get that asian woman .
this place has good people working there .
the app for the phone is also very convenient .
i enjoy this great clips .
friendly staff , efficient and great music .
it 's a convenient store and thus a good one .
i this walgreens a lot !
i highly recommend them !
well is ace hardware , i love them all .
great service !
this ace hardware makes you feel like you live in a small town .
what a great ace store , they have it all .
the best service experience i 've ever had in a hardware store .
i will keep coming back .
love our neighborhood hardware store .
great selection for a small neighborhood shop .
love it .
love the adorable garden center at the back of the store !
staff is very helpful and friendly .
stephanie is great ... knowledgeable and funny .
great customer service , always .
i have found the in store hardware sales and service to be equally good .
the best in the business .
always spotless friendly fast and tasty .
they smile and are polite .
if so , that was wise .
whenever i go here i have a good experience .
a bit of advice : just stick to one flavor .
try the vanilla , it is really good !
i really enjoy this water and ice location .
there is also a good selection of things here .
i definitely recommend them .
great service !
the place is always open .
great local business that gives superior customer service .
the prices our great !
this is a local business that we all should support .
been frequenting ever since we moved to the neighborhood .
plus , the kids love it .
the staff here are very nice .
lauren is our stylist .
they also do hair and waxing here !
i highly recommend this salon .
highly recommend !
the staff is very friendly , and i 've used valerie every time .
valerie is very personable , and does a great job with my hair .
great staff , great environment , and great haircut by heather !
i will be back and i will recommend !
he got a great cut today .
it 's close to home , and they treat you so well .
wonderful job and wonderful place !
they can usually fit us in for urgent appointments as well .
we have always had outstanding service and care .
professional , supporting , and answers all questions .
billing is always accurate and fair .
they know me and my kids ... which makes it personal .
this place has a bigger dance room rather than other places .
zumba on friday night with bethany is the best !
best la fitness i have been to in the east valley .
i appreciated their wanting to work with me on this .
cool place to train .
pristine , even .
the service here is usually pretty consistant .
its one of the cleaner locations too !
will most likely return again when i am on this side of town .
food is always good , ladies are always very nice .
right now , you can get a lot of value at this waffle house .
they make whatever you order fresh and it comes right off the grill .
food is solid , service is excellent and friendly and they 're always open !
love it .
this location is a lil newer and cleaner than the average waffle house .
good people watching .
see ya there !
it 's always nice to have breakfast at 8pm !
top it off with white bread with butter .
the food is always great and served within _num_ minutes of ordering .
good service .
excellent value .
wow this place is amazing .
all you can eat special is a great buy .
service is very friendly .
nothing fancy , good comfort food better than fast food .
really friendly service and delicious breakfast .
he got a triple hash brown with ham and mushrooms .
i got a waffle with bacon .
when we got our food everything tasted amazing .
it 's a diner , so the atmosphere is great .
the people working here are friendly , and the establishment is clean .
the food is prepared well , and delicious .
i recommend the biscuits and gravy .
our server was very attentive and so were the other servers there .
the food was delicious as usual .
the waffles were phenomenal !
awesome place !
they do an excellent job at being what they are trying to be .
i always enjoy the food and the service .
had a great experience !
she has great customer service skills .
love the hash browns with grilled onions ... oh so good !
feel like like a celebrity when you eat here !
the food is pretty good , and the staff is friendly .
service was excellent and the staff was very friendly .
food was great , well prepared and cooked to order .
overall good experience !
the service is always friendly and pleasant .
perfect hash brown fix .
an american tradition .
the service is great and the food is also .
came on mondays special buck _num_ waffle special and it is great .
hash browns are good extra crispy .
i like the breakfast all star best .
this one was clean ... even the usual sticky syrup containers were clean !
the food was amazing and the service was fast .
but the people here were the best part .
they were friendly , considerate and made us feel welcome the whole time .
the food smells delicious here and it was .
absolutely a place i would recommend for a waffle .
so so so so sooooo clean and upbeat .
thank you yelp !
enjoyed my breakfast today !
as simple as the menu is , our service was fast and efficient !
when i get back close to another location i 'm most definitely going back !
they were so much fun and have a great sense of humor !
the customer service was excellent !
bamboo nails is the best nail salon in phoenix !
they use high quality product .
bamboo nails charges a few dollars more but totally worth it !
make up your own mind -- - my experience has been consistently excellent .
thank you kim and team !
i usually have jenny do my pedicure and she is awesome as well .
i highly recommend them !
you are sure to have a great experience .
the price was right in line with others as well .
i will always be a loyal customer to this salon .
i 've never had anything but a great experience here .
i got the works , a pedicure , fill , and waxing done today .
i am always satisfied with my nails and the quality of service is exemplary .
definitely a great nail salon .
ambience was very relaxing and i enjoyed the privacy of getting a pedicure .
the layout of salon made me very comfortable and at ease .
highly recommend this place if u want quality work .
she is the best .
kim is absolutly amazing !
very nice and beautiful place , and clean !
very clean nail shop and did a great job .
she remembers me when i come in ( which always feels great ! )
her work is beautiful and delicate to the client 's touch .
beautiful and relaxing salon !
great selection of colors and very reasonable prices .
i love this nail salon !
it is so peaceful , calm , and clean .
the job she did was incredible .
go see noon and go to bamboo nails !
noon was pleasant and professional and very hard working !
totally worth the price !
i love this place !
i am very happy with the services .
i love bamboo nails and love kim .
i would highly recommend bamboo nails to anyone !
overall a good experience .
extremely clean and i always leave with my nails perfect .
the nail tech noon is absolutely amazing !
she takes her time and is extremely friendly .
everyone always has a smile on and the atmosphere is so relaxing .
the service is truly amazing -- very personable and yet very professional !
i look forward to working with her for the next _num_ years !
beautiful spa !
my skin feels , looks amazing .
great spa ... great staff ... .
everyone friendly and courteous !
been a client for several years .
great staff and laser hair removal is very effective !
he really knows his stuff and does a great job .
the price is great too , especially considering his experience .
definitely recommend .
this med spa truly offers the best of both worlds .
the service providers are experienced , friendly , and know their stuff .
highly recommend .
he really understands the facial muscles to get the ultimate results .
my results are amazing !
everyone is so nice and accommodating in the office too !
the rest of the staff is just great too !
this is a beautiful office with very professional and knowledgeable staff .
everyone is great here , friendly , knowledgeable and willing to help .
i was very pleased with my service , tamara took great care of me .
tamara and patty are wonderful .
she is the best !
this spa is super clean and the staff is friendly and helpful !
i love going to new image med spa .
they have great customer service .
always friendly and helpful .
new image med spa is an amazing place to have services done .
love this place !
my daughter goes here and we absolutely love it .
it 's worth the wait once you get a child in though .
i recommend the radio show for everyone who uses a computer .
the price was reasonable and james really knows what he 's doing .
thanks , guys !
i was very impressed with steve , the store manager , at this location .
go see dan !
he was incredibly personable and professional .
an hour later , i was done and very pleased at my new look !
this is a great find !
did partial highlights from living social and will definitely go back .
frank does an amazing job !
i 'm so glad that i discovered this place .
thank you frankie !
my color and brazilian blow out looks incredible !
great at what they do , period !
makes you feel comfortable and does a great job !
so lucky to have found this great salon close to our home .
service was excellent ... nice guys there .
definitely recommend .
i will definitely be back !
probably the best chiropractor in the entire state of arizona .
i have been getting adjusted my whole life and he is great .
i enjoyed my experience and plan to continue to receive regular adjustments .
i am happy to have found him .
the service was excellent .
haha how fun !
good job guys good job !
this is a great place for ice cream or just desert in general .
here is my personal recommendation : get an oreo ice cream sandwich .
it 's delicious .
everyone gets ice cream and i 'm the best mom ever .
great ice cream !
got ta have it !
best child care in the area .
these folks really care .
i love thai basil !
the bomb thai food - and the best choice for a vegetarian .
the service is consistently superior , it 's super quick and very clean .
place real good .
great tasting food .
either way its really good .
i 've been here with friends and family a bunch of times .
friends all ordered different foods and each was a fan of their meal .
the food was very good and the waitress was very polite and helpful .
the atmosphere there is great and the food was fantastic .
the service was fast & friendly .
it 's close to home and delicious .
they have a great green curry and huge spring rolls .
their beef and broccoli is just okay .
well , it can be great .
i 'll definitely go back .
we went there for the first time today and had good service and food .
i had the pad thai which i really enjoyed .
plenty enough for me and i ordered `` medium . ''
this place has become my new favorite !
i 've ordered take-out each time and have received excellent service !
the food is simply amazing .
i highly recommend this place !
waitress kept beverage full and was always very cheerful .
my family and i crave their food weekly !
the service has always been great .
awesome .
tiny little place but clean and comfortable atmosphere .
they have free wifi and waitress was really nice !
came here for lunch with my dad and i ordered the green curry .
there were also a good amount of people there having lunch .
the food is great .
a date night favorite !
small , cozy and romantic little spot with nice lighting .
i just keep ordering it because i love it .
food is delicious .
service was excellent .
they also have a nice outside covered patio .
i will definitely be making this a regular lunch place !
good food .
great service .
fair prices .
the server offered us drinks right away .
she came back with freshly cooked pad thai which was perfect !
the portions were huge for such a reasonable price .
the food is very good , especially the coconut shrimp .
priceless !
the atmosphere is very cozy and relaxed .
i love this place !
the hot and sour soup is delicious !
the service is great !
foods are outstanding !
always come here to check and refill water at about the right time .
they really does an excellent job !
i will bring more friends to here !
the service is always good and the food is well prepared with quality ingredients .
the food here always seems really fresh and the prices are fair .
we loved our soup and thai basil chicken lunch !
just the right spice and great thai dishes !
i love this place .
been to several locations , always good .
this place is great .
each dish has unique flavors .
everything is fresh and tasty .
fast friendly service , clean restaurant and bathroom .
i absolutely love this place .
thai basil delivers .
thai basil has awesome food .
we only ever order take out , but i really enjoy this little place .
it is pretty pricey but oh so delicious .
this is the best restaurant in ahwatukee !
it is the definition of delicious !
simple , informal and direct - but the food was amazing .
we actually got a little emotional .
affordable and delicious .
i love this place .
and yet , i keep coming back here and loving it best .
they are extremely good at what they do .
they even helped me all through my pregnancy .
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
i finally found an excellent stylist who cuts & colors my hair professionally !
this woman is so professional and well trained .
not to mention , this woman is stunning .
thank you .
i love her work !
my girls love you too !
the food was fast and fresh , exactly how it should be !
nonetheless ... great all around that night .
this is a great location , with great customer service .
love the lil doggies !
i think it 's refreshing to have that instead of the usual hot dogs .
always have a great experience at this sonic .
i 'll be back to this location again !
this sonic is excellent .
anyway , great experience !
great shakes .
great shakes .
was cool as ice .
it 's so cheap and i feel satisfied and full .
the inside is the nicest kfc i 've seen .
very clean and looks newly renovated .
the dishes are wonderful with plenty of food to be taken home .
i would highly recommend this hidden gem of a restaurant .
i chose to do the buffet because it had everything that i liked .
loved the tandoori chicken and garlic naan .
the rest of the meal was equally excellent .
my wife orders and i just enjoy .
i do n't know the names but i do know great food !
happy we found it and will be back .
ridiculously tasty .
well to start i now have a new favorite east indian buffet .
as far as the food goes everything i ate was great .
the service was real good as well .
as good as it gets .
yumm yumm yumm !
the food was delicious and the service top notch .
the atmosphere was lovely .
thank you for a great meal .
great atmosphere .
great help .
i went for lunch and it was very good .
definitely a place to go for lunch .
consistently good indian food .
anything with the garlic naan is better .
their food always tastes fresh , hot off the stove .
all of these were excellent .
metropolitan .
food was great and the price was very reasonable .
i love star of india .
their vegetable samosas with yogurt sauce are my personal favorite .
a must visit !
this is an incredibly good food stop !
if you like indian , you 'll like star of india !
small but worth it .
dishes were very colorful , tasty , piping hot .
this is the best indian food restaurant i have ever been to .
the naan bread that they bring you is also amazing .
food is better than average .
the owner is a great guy .
this place is the spot for lunch !
its indian food buffet style !
i find the staff to be quite helpful and friendly , as well .
i 've always found the food good , but not great .
star of indian in ahwatukee is a gem !
the food is excellent & very fresh .
we love this place !
if you are around you should give it a try !
my husband i love this place .
their food is very , very good , though .
very good chicken tikka , very flavorful and i love the garlic naan .
we love this place , the food is fantastic .
great lunch buffet here today .
good selection and tasted freshly made .
i would recommend this place to any and everyone !
my favorite indian restaurant in the phoenix area .
staff are very friendly , give good recommendations .
everything comes out fresh and hot .
they 'll make your food as spicy as you can handle .
very good food and the staff is friendly .
definitely recommend this place !
good food and service .
the tandoori chicken is amazing !
have had it three times now and it did n't disappoint !
so delish !
definitely recommended !
the lunch buffet is a great deal .
the fresh garlic naan is delicious as is everything else .
very good garlic naan and love their vegetables ( potato and cauliflower ) .
staff is super friendly and very welcoming whenever i step in the restaurant .
absolutely love this place !
however , this one is the best !
this place is excellent !
love it !
great place and amazing good !
unlike any other indian good i 've had .
so many choices !
they are very nice .
food was delicious .
definitely will return .
it was an enjoyable experience that i will certainly return to here and there .
the staff is friendly and the food is amazing !
highly recommended !
this was a wonderful experience !
food was amazing !
very good food ... great service and a quiet and quaint atmosphere !
buffet from 11am to 2:30 really worth the price .
best dishes are paneer tikka and naan .
we have been coming here for many years and it is absolutely wonderful .
we have our favorites but everything we have had is great .
please enjoy .
star of india has some of the best food around .
good service .
it 's fairly good .
every time the food does n't disappoint .
the people that work there are always very nice and welcoming .
we 'll continue to go there in the future .
it was very delicious .
i had the curry done with medium spice level .
just the right kick !
who ever the male was the brought out my food , was very nice .
i will definitely be back !
love this place !
one of the best indian restaurants in phoenix !
lunch buffet is very good .
dine-in service is also pleasant .
i highly recommend for its delicious taste and freshness !
it 's definitely different but tasty .
nice smiles work there .
the hospitality is beyond amazing !
wonderful people .
great indian restaurant !
great service !
definitely should give this place a taste !
such good food and exceptional service .
everything here is made from scratch from the owner 's grandmother 's recipes .
everything i have had has been delicious .
the family owners and their staff are also super friendly and welcoming .
if you have not eaten here you are missing out on a great experience .
family owned they make every customer part of the family .
amazing food .
lunch buffet is very good and dinner menu .
wonderful service as well .
highly recommended .
very kind folks and super friendly .
i had the most excellent `` to go '' order experience .
the naan was super fresh .
it was all amazing .
the chicago style deep dish is good .
pretty good pizza , and i really like that it arrives piping hot !
sauce is flavorful and the sausage was great quality .
this was outstanding .
friendly and clean atmosphere .
the server was very attentive .
the dressing for the salad was great too .
very impressed !
everything was perfect !
we got everything we ordered and on time .
we also got a free salad and bread .
the cost was higher than some but the flavor was worth it !
what a great experience .
cost about $ _num_ but so worth it .
the guys were so nice .
friendly office .
dr. smith is very professional and friendly .
he is fantastic with kids .
the receptionist abby is so friendly on the phone and in person .
great care , great service .
staff was very friendly as well helpful .
it was a welcome surprise .
i highly recommend .
absolutely wonderful staff .
very helpful on the telephone and in person .
nice and clean facility .
a lot of frame options to choose from .
customer service was top-notch .
would definitely recommend to anyone needing glasses .
the staff at lifetime is great .
they always make me feel comfortable and important !
amazing place for eye exams .
i had a great experience and i will definitely recommend them to my friends !
i recommend them _num_ % and guarantee and a wonderful experience .
i really enjoyed the visit to their office .
would definitely recommend this place .
will definitely be making this my regular eye care facility !
i will definitely be back !
very friendly and professional office .
it actually was a very fun experience .
i would recommend this business to my closest friends and family .
the staff and doctor are amazing !
i will recommend them to family , friends , and coworkers !
the staff are very friendly and they are great with kids .
this was such a lovely experience .
i was so pleased with the referral .
i would highly recommend him , especially for working with kids .
the best doctor with the best equipment and the friendliest staff in the city .
great selection of eyewear and always on time !
great customer service and selection of frames .
i definitely recommend lifetime eye .
beautiful office .
knowledgeable and professional staff .
outstanding , caring doctor who knows what he is doing .
worth every penny to go to him .
they are always very friendly and helpful .
it is well worth the extra , in my opinion .
the staff here is great .
nicole was wonderfully warm and professional with her part of the exam .
great team all around as always !
as far as contact lenses , i have great vision and comfort .
i highly recommend arizona 's vision , they are fantastic !
they are never pushy , the doctor is really great and knowledgeable .
the staff is really nice and helpful too .
love the service that they provide .
the arizona 's vision team really appreciates their customers .
i love the friendliness and kindness .
i absolutely loved my first experience here with my parents today .
thank you so much !
i had a fantastic experience at arizona 's vision !
they were both very friendly , helpful , and patient !
what a wonderful office !
i highly recommend them !
thorough and caring .
an all-around a+ experience .
the staff and doctors are personable and professional .
fantastic service all around .
the team at arizona 's vision rocks !
great job arizona 's vision !
i highly recommend arizona 's vision !
thank you for taking care of me !
page is always incredibly respectful , professional , and so helpful !
thank you !
great service , friendly staff , tons of frames to choose from .
would absolutely recommend this place !
love this office .
the whole team is very nice !
he was so nice and very detail oriented .
he explained everything on simple words so i could understand .
i would recommend his services to everyone .
she knows how to make my insurance work best for my needs .
the front desk staff was amazing !
he checked my eye very carefully and explained what happened in my right eye .
the staff are friendly and efficient .
this is by far the best place to have your annual eye exams .
the whole staff is incredibly friendly and efficient .
i 'm lucky to have found arizona 's vision !
everyone a i az vision were wonderful !
the entire staff is incredibly friendly .
i would recommend this place to anyone in need of an optometrist .
this is the best dental office i know !
this office and its staff was wonderful .
also they have a refrigerator full of free drinks !
i got in that afternoon !
i love my hygienist , michelle king !
i love this office , and highly recommend !
thanks desert dentistry your the best !
front desk is very accommodating and friendly .
jennifer is the best !
michelle the dental hygienist is very knowledgable and is patient .
the desert dentistry team is the best in the valley !
my partner and i drive from north scottsdale to see the team .
very happy with my teeth !
great dentistry family !
such wonderful staff !
almost made the experience enjoyable !
they are always encouraging .
she is kind and caring .
they were amazing .
she was very knowledgeable , professional and friendly .
love this office and the ahwatukee location .
very clean office and the office staff is organized , friendly , and personable .
highly recommend this office !
absolutely love desert dentistry !
clean , new and organized office !
professional , courteous and very caring .
great experience everytime i come here .
the team in their ahwatukee location is super nice and friendly !
i would definitely recommend them !
this place is awesome !
this was my first time there and i will continue to go there .
best dental experience i have ever had .
i recommend desert dentistry to anyone who needs work done .
so impressed !
i absolutely love this dental office .
dr. v is incredible , compassionate , and honest .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who lives in phoenix .
thanks again for everything .
waiting room is cozy & entire area is very clean .
staff & doctors are all friendly and attentive to my concerns .
anyone looking for a dentist i always recommend them !
super clean , friendly staff !
scheduling was wonderful !
quick and painless procedure !
this will be our new family dentist office !
definitely a _num_ star office !
the service is fantastic !
always reliable service .
the service was great .
my shirts look good .
timely and professional .
great prices , quality , and locations !
fast , efficient , friendly , and professional service !
best cleaners ever !
best part they have a drive thru !
megan was super friendly , efficient , and knowledgeable .
overall , excellent service and the car was in good shape .
i will absolutely choose this enterprise the next time i need a car .
recently rented a car from enterprise and had great service .
the car was ready , clean and the staff was great !
these guys treat you like gold .
yay guys on your customer service excellence !
the staff is professional , friendly and efficient .
great service experience !
keep up the great work enterprise !
excellent service !
very clean , safe and professional .
great management .
a step ahead is a wonderful preschool !
the school is very clean , the children are always happy .
the staff is very friendly , my child loves going there every day .
in my opinion , best child care in phoenix !
teachers are very friendly and very caring to the students there .
inside the school was and is very clean and neat .
i really recommend this preschool for your kids .
when needed , changes were made .
the owners were always in the facility and were so passionate about it .
the children listen to her , respect her , and follow her directions .
she is an excellent teacher .
the administration is extremely friendly and on top of things .
i would highly recommend a step ahead to other parents !
this lovely place i discovered in las vegas when i lived there .
both were pretty good ; i really enjoyed my lunch .
worth a shot if you happen to be in this part of chandler .
what a great , fresh tasting sub .
favorite sandwhich shop around work .
the capistrami is the best thing ever .
they have a good selection of chips and also make fresh baked cookies .
love it .
i 'm serious it 's so good .
enjoy guys ... it 's really good food for a great price .
great take-out place with wide range of cold and hot sandwiches .
oh my gosh ... biggest `` small '' sandwich ever !
veggie meats !
and much to my surprise , it was actually really damn good .
but it worked with the sandwich , and worked well .
outstanding sandwiches !
i love the capastrami , the bobby and italian .
huge sandwiches for very reasonable prices .
it 's definitely a nap waiting to happen , but so delicious !
the mayo adds that extra little touch .
cheesesteaks are also fantastic , chicken or steak .
best cheesesteaks i 've had since i left the northeast .
anyway , very very good hearty sandwiches .
the bobbie , was amazing though .
this one is easy .
they have the best ruben on the planet .
awesome sandwiches .
this is probably my favorite sandwich shop in town .
the service is great and all of the staff are always friendly .
either way , it 's worth the wait .
love it and miss it .
probably the best sandwich shop in the area .
clean place , friendly staff .
awesome steak sandwiches .
yes it was , and it was fantastic !
the thing i love most about this place is that it 's unique .
the portions are huge , so the price really is worth it .
the menu is slightly limited , but what they do offer is great .
quality through and through .
this is my favorite sandwich place !
the sandwiches are incredible .
they are large sandwiches and great for sharing .
this place is great , if you want vegan go get some humus .
i love this place .
the sandwiches are unique and fresh and always made right in front of you .
love their bobby sandwich !
so yummy !
thanks to my hubby for introducing me to this sandwich shop !
this used to be a franchise shop ... and it was great .
the food is still top notch .
hot and totally delicious !
they also have a punch card that gets you the 10th sandwich free .
awesome sandwiches !
always great food and service .
the ahwatukee store rocks !
flavors were terrific and the pastrami was wonderful .
woohoo , this place is really good .
great sandwich !
better yet the staff our truly excellent .
thanks again so much !
filled me up and i was very happy with it .
man they make a good sandwich here .
the thanksgiving themed one is great as well as the pastrami .
the bread is very tasty with the right amount of chew .
service has been great here though .
seriously , best sandwich i 've had in a while .
definitely start with the bobbie .
the sandwich is such a good deal if you get the _num_ '' sub .
this took a while to come out but the taste was worth the wait .
this sandwich place is very delicious and i would recommend it .
order the bobbie - you wo n't regret it !
i love going to capriotti 's for lunch .
always fresh , very flavorful , high quality food .
i love this sandwich place !
they are fast and very friendly as well .
tiny little sandwich shop that is big on smiles , service & customer satisfaction .
my absolute favorite sandwich out !
the capistrami is so addicting and tasty .
they make a pretty good sandwich .
has was good too .
i ordered the chicken sandwich and it was delicious .
the property is well kept and gated .
the office staff is great to work with , especially jeremy and arnold .
there are multiple pools and a lovely patio area by the main pool .
the rental rates are very reasonable for the apartment quality .
hello , this has been a great apartment for five years .
microwave broke ; brought a replacement the same day !
are well maintained .
this complex is great .
we moved in two months ago .
julie the manager is awesome , and very quick to respond to emails .
they have such tasty burgers !
open early , stay open late , with a very clean lobby area .
great customer service with friendly employees .
they are very flexible with allowing customers ask for food `` their way '' .
this was the best carl 's jr i have been to in a while .
it 's not quite chick-fil-a , but still a solid sandwich .
the temperature inside the restaurant was comfortable and enjoyable .
giant delicious diet coke .
it was salty , fresh and tasty !
you can tell she is an agent who goes above and beyond .
this office provides a service that is truly a cut above the rest !
thank you lynn .
very helpful and responsive staff .
their customer service is top notch .
he and alma are great .
their dynamic is fun and comfortable .
i highly recommend this salon .
adam is a magician .
both of my daughters have their color and styles crafted here .
most importantly they are excellent people with the highest level of integrity and professionalism .
i have recommended them more times than i can remember and will continue to !
love them and their craft !
adam and alma are fabulous !
this salon is fantastic !
adam was so patient and helpful today .
adam and alma are so friendly and helpful .
highly recommended .
at least there are things to entertain the toddler .
their office decor is fun for the kiddos too !
we had a very pleasant 1st experience at jungle roots !
two thumbs up !
great customer service skills from the entire staff .
love this dentist !
staff is always amazing .
we love jungle roots !
my son loves it here .
the staff is super friendly and makes you feel like family .
he is patient , gentle and my children love going for their cleanings !
i recommend his office to anyone looking for an amazing pediatric dentistry experience !
the best .
they are all super nice and so helpful .
i recommend this location to anyone in the area looking for tanning services .
this salon is pretty good my bf and i both like it .
they always seem to have new bulbs , and they are good quality ones .
i highly recommend this salon .
great atmosphere , i use to take friends there all the time .
great food .
great service .
still wonderful .
definitely check this place out .
we got takeout from here and it was sooo tasty .
generous portions , so we were all able to sample a little of everything .
their crab puffs were excellent , and perfectly crispy on the outside .
we read about it in the ahwatukee foothills news `` best of ahwatukee '' .
good for dining in or take-out .
if you 're in the mood for quality chinese you 've found it .
the food is fantastic !
call ahead and order their wonderful lobster special .
if you love lobster , this is for you !
the service is friendly and knowledgeable .
the food is awesome .
wonderful spices .
the wait staff were very friendly and attentive .
food was delicious .
this food was amazing .
wonderful .
enjoy !
freshly made , hot and delicious .
would definitely recommend it to a friend .
the wonton soup is to die for !
we also love the sesame chicken !
it 's so good !
the inside seating is very nice and/or you can order for pick up !
great food and great service .
but always a great experience whether fine in or carry out .
hot and sour soup is one of the best .
authentic asian food .
these dishes are homemade and authentic and are really , really good .
beef and broccoli is just how my mom makes it .
this was done very , very well .
one of the best places for asian in phx .
excellent food and portions ... try the spicy wonton appetizer !
i have enjoyed every dish i have had here .
best chinese restaurant in ahwatukee .
a real gem !
the food and service are wonderful !
i could eat here every day !
delicious food .
service was great too .
i love this restaurant !
love this place .
great food and service .
it 's cozy with a lot of booth seating available .
our favorite to dine in or to go .
great food & good service .
it was a lunch special and came with soup .
such a friendly service and the spicy dumplings in a peanut sauce are incredible .
everything on the me sounds good .
i am so happy that it 's in our neighborhood .
he was more than willing to accommodate us and our requests .
this place is great .
anna was extremely helpful and kind .
she 's awesome and deserves a raise !
excellent experience renting from josh .
very helpful and informative .
i would highly recommend this location to anyone looking for storage of any size .
very secure and clean units at a very affordable price .
i highly recommend !
just keep in mind that they do require the purchase of monthly insurance .
wow .
i highly recommend working with anna .
i was very happy with this service !
thank you , gabby for making my moving experience great !
thanks !
i appreciate the call and effort to take care of customers .
that is very refreshing !
very friendly and warm front office staff .
i recently came here for the first time and loved it !
the staff at the front were so kind and helpful .
everything was very modern and clean .
i will definitely stay with this dentist and am so happy i came here .
there was also a very healthy and professional atmosphere throughout the clinic .
thanks !
all the front desk staff are amazing .
very comfortable going here and i go often for multiple problem teeth !
one of the best dentist visits i 've ever had !
i 'm on tour with wicked the musical and had an emergency in phoenix .
the office is clean and welcoming , the front desk staff knowledgeable and polite .
the best experience with a dentist , ever .
dr. wright and his team were sooo sweet , kind and gentle .
this group is the best !
thank you cynthia !
i 've had so many amazing experiences and the staff is just amazing .
this church is incredible .
perspective is powerful !
love it here !
dr brown was great .
friendly and helpful .
his staff was great too .
my foot is so much better .
i would recommend them to anyone .
staff is extremely helpful and friendly .
they are courteous and i trust their recommendations !
thank you for making my car repair experience an enjoyable one !
ahwatukee staff was friendly , fast and honest .
great customer service !
a+ for customer service .
the team at fletcher 's ahwatukee was friendly , fast , and honest .
great service !
i love that they take ( and encourage ) appointments .
great coupon prices .
these guys do a great job .
the manager kevin took great care of me .
i am very glad i came here to service my car .
this is my go-to spot for my car !
they independently both recommended this place .
i would highly recommend them .
the pants looked great and the interview went well !
they can work magic , love the work they do .
very nice and friendly .
they transformed a dress for me for my daughters wedding , it was beautiful .
service is friendly and attentive .
the soft italian music in the background is soothing and nostalgic .
and the food is a perfect joy .
not a huge menu , but substantial with nice variety .
moderately priced , with a fine selection of good wine .
i will be happy to serve you !
on fridays and saturdays they have added live music .
love love love this place !
their happy hour food and drinks are great !
the crowd is a cool mix of young and old .
all who seem to appreciate good drinks and great food .
this was the most authentic italian food i 've ever had .
the service is great !
best happy hour , by far .
this is the best italian restaurant we 've been to in phx .
it blows away the chain competition and does it in a nice friendly way .
best italian food in phoenix !
this place is a hidden gem tucked away in ahwatukee .
once you eat there you will tell everyone you know to go there too .
the service was great , and the restaurant had a very friendly atmosphere .
really excellent , attentive service in a dim , romantic atmosphere .
great italian food that i would not cook myself .
very elegant dishes .
lamb shank is very good !
cozy place , nice atmosphere , good service .
love this place !
martinis here are incredible !
dinners are clearly made from scratch from old world recipes and are fantastic .
loved it !
the mushroom appetizer is great !
the service good ( kelly ) and the live music was very impressive .
what a great place to have a glass of wine and relax .
the food was fantastic and the service was good .
very good and it always seems to have a groupon deal .
italian yo !
but seriously the places is awesome .
i thought the food was amazing .
service was on point and with a great sense of humor .
will definitely request to go back on my next visit .
they sat us at much larger table , without hesitation .
food was fresh and simple , as italian is best .
stopped in their tonight and had a fantastic meal .
was great .
been here many times through the years .
warm atmosphere and enjoyable happy hours .
often live entertainment on a weekday or two and on weekends as well .
had a great dinner with friends .
had an excellent ceasar salad and veal gorgonzola .
service is super .
took my family here for dinner on a tuesday night .
our server was very fast and attentive to our needs .
the food was incredible !
all of us young and old loved our dishes .
overall one the best restaurants in ahwatukee that i 've visited .
thanks !
both were great .
very reasonable for the atmosphere .
we stayed for an after dinner drink and enjoyed the live music .
loved this place .
very quaint atmosphere .
we both really enjoyed our dishes .
service was also excellent .
will return !
totally great location off of chandler blvd .
food is great , had the eggplant parmesan and loved it !
happy hour specials are constantly changing to appeal to clientele .
great place .
great food .
great service .
definitely will be back .
kelly was an excellent waiter .
hint hint , your competitors offer it .
restaurant side is good but service is not always the best .
this was our first time going and we were impressed !
the service was genuine and personal .
this is quickly becoming one of our favorite places to eat .
the food is amazing !
the service there is also just as amazing .
a great place for happy hour or dinner .
friendly staff , good wine selection and everything on the menu is outstanding .
went there on a friday night and really enjoyed it .
both dishes were excellent and he service was great .
the place is lit perfectly with low lighting and a warm feel .
amazing new pizzas .
best italian restaurant in ahwatukee !
service makes a restaurant .
i highly recommend visiting this establishment whenever possible .
awesome local restaurant .
excellent food and service .
highly recommended .
service was very good .
big thumbs up .
been my vet for _num_ years , caring and professional .
just the best vet in the area .
i highly recommend them .
foothills service is excellent and i will be going there for now on .
they cleaned my dogs teeth really good .
i love all the staff here .
they really care about you and your dog .
= ) thank you !
i trust all the vets this is a great establishment .
even the vet technicians were sympathetic and made me feel comfortable .
the staff is kind , efficient and clearly loves animals .
highly recommended .
we typically see dr jennifer johnson and she is kind , funny and smart .
dr. alex saw them and took such good care of them .
wonderful place .
very focused on the quality for the animal .
highly recommend dr jenny johnson .
she is excellent working with cats .
the team at foothills animal hospital are kind , caring and always so accommodating !
she 's kind , caring and willing to go the extra mile !
thanks for taking such good care of my baby !
the team at foothills animal hospital are kind , caring and always so accommodating !
she 's kind , caring and willing to go the extra mile !
thanks for taking such good care of my baby !
they are professionals , but kind , caring & compassionate .
your pets are in the best of hands here !
they make appointments and its always been on time with very quick installation .
the staff here is super friendly and very helpful .
very friendly service and put our spare and tire back together very nicely .
will definitely be going back when we need new tires !
keep up the good work !
top notch service ; best pricing - a properly run business .
highly recommend making an appointment , as they can get busy real fast .
great guys that are super friendly and fast .
always good to know they are in the neighborhood .
besides that , he knows his trade .
would highly recommend this shop to anyone wanting to take care of their vehicles .
i have been very happy with this location .
i feel like they are honest and are willing to answer all my questions .
the level of service and professionalism exceeds most businesses .
thanks again guys !
josh and ben , thanks for your awesome service and support of our military !
the guys at discount tire have always been great to me .
keep it up .
i love this discount tire .
they are so friendly and even ask if i would like a water .
outstanding !
i had a great experience .
this place comes highly recommended .
i would highly recommend this branch .
great work !
excellent customer service !
this location has a dedicated lane for this service .
thanks for friendly , prompt and accurate customer service .
such amazing service .
great service you guys !
simple solution and it seemed to work .
i used their online appointment service and it seemed to work well .
excellent service as per usual standard for discount tire .
i 'm happy to say that this visit was flawless as they typically are .
thank you to the entire staff .
keep up the great work .
thank you , brandon .
you were very professional and courteous .
nice staff .
great place for big groups because it 's all the same price .
makes math easy .
as for the food they are definitely well above average in my opinion .
the decor is very upscale and pleasant looking .
and having the sushi station is a great plus .
the mongolian noodle station is also great .
good quality chinese food for a buffet !
eating there is definitely an adventure !
alot of the items is presented neat and fresh .
this is my favorite buffet in all of arizona !
it 's really clean bright inside , rare for buffets .
it 's also good for a group of people .
there is quite a bit of food selection here .
love this place !
they serve quality gourmet food .
place is clean and service is great .
huge selection and the food was fresh !
great service !
excellent cream cheese won tons and fried rice .
great selection and the meats seem higher quality than others i 've been to .
thank you yelp .
will visit this place again !
the buffet foods are pretty good .
the staff is usually pretty friendly and do a good job keeping drinks filled .
best buffett i have eaten at in a long time .
highly recommend !
the staff is friendly every time we go and the place is clean !
what i loved though was the sushi !
this is one of our all time favorite family restaurants .
the selection is fantastic and all the food is high quality .
staff is friendly and attentive .
would go again , service was good as well .
very clean .
place was very clean , had a wide variety of foods .
i love to eat at this restaurant .
food is always fresh and tons of choices for even the picky eaters .
the staff is friendly and the service is always excellent .
the prices are very fair for the quality of the food .
this is the best asian buffet by far .
the made to order sushi bar is a nice touch .
this is the best of the chinese buffets .
wide range of desserts , too .
still the best chinese buffet in town .
this one is the best i have ever been to !
i will be making a special trip back for hong kong buffet .
and it looked and smelled good.
very good food and service .
best buffet i have ever eaten at .
the food is fresh not over cooked or nasty tasting from sitting so long .
they have awesome service and it smells nice in there .
i love hong kong gourmet buffet !
my kids love this place for their all you can ear sushi .
great asian buffet .
love their ribs .
they always have great food .
a little on the pricy side , but it 's quality food .
all you can eat .
the custom sushi bar is excellent .
great tasting food !
friendly staff !
my favorite place .
they have so many options you 're guaranteed to find something you like .
also love the staff there , vicky is my favorite waitress .
they make it a really fun experience .
this is our favorite buffet .
but deff one of our fave spots !
they always have prime rib and ribs and crab .
the tempura is my favorite , it 's always fresh and crunchy .
they have a full bar as well .
the hostess is always nice , the drinks are always refilled promptly .
good place to go if you want more variety .
love this place .
nice staff .
quick service and fresh food , good overall buffet .
better than most of the ones you typically find .
great staff , great service , great food selection , and even greater quality .
best chinese buffet in town in my opinion .
always a great selection , food always fresh .
all you can eat sushi on its own is worth the price of admission .
great and attentive staff .
my mom introduced us to this place , over _num_ years ago !
service is quick and there are plenty of choices .
they also have a great seaweed salad and dessert bar .
a family favorite .
it has all the classics you 'd be seeking from a buffet .
i always like kohl 's .
they have great styles , great selection , and great prices .
i love kohl 's during the holidays !
biggest sale of the season !
best sale in the world ! )
that 's what i love about kohl 's !
best kohl 's ever !
we found a great deal .
the employees are nice and the store is always clean .
great awesome deals .
i love this store !
customer service is always excellent and the prices are incredible !
i have purchased towels , and just got a shower curtain .
the employees are always friendly and helpful .
the managers do their best to see that the customer is happy .
this is a great place to shop !
friendly service , upfront pricing .
service was even done slightly ahead of schedule !
the coffee shop is clean , we staffed and they get the order right .
one of the better starbucks that i have visited in the valley .
at times the place may be crowded , but a decent clientele .
as good as a starbucks gets !
i like this location , it is clean and the staff is friendly .
otherwise , another one of my places for coffee !
great place , clean and friendly , fast internet connection .
this is a good location , and constantly busy !
good neighborhood starbucks .
i love that there is a drive thru here .
it 's always long .
delicious delicious delicious !
the staff and location are great .
even though it 's busy , they do a great job in serving you .
keep up the great work !
great drinks and friendly staff !
he gave great customer service and we will be definitely be back .
thank you patrick for excellent customer service .
the staff are really friendly .
it gets busy here but these guys are consistent and friendly .
i love del taco .
the service is always fast and the employees are funny !
this del taco is awesome !
for $ _num_ and change its pretty good !
the place seems good to me .
great food as always .
excellent store .
dr. ito and all of his staff are the best .
they are very sincere caring people .
i am a new patient to sonoran hills dental .
i was treated with respect , which is huge with me .
definitely recommend .
his staff is amazing !
by far the best dental office in the valley !
i felt that dr. ito and his staff where very nice and professional .
the staff at sonoran hills dental were amazing .
appointment scheduling is easy and flexible .
i now drive all the way over from gilbert , but worth the drive .
dr. ito is extremely competent and engaging .
i love dr. ito and his staff !
everyone is so friendly and dr. ito is hilarious !
she is always so patient and accommodating !
i would recommend anyone to go see dr. ito !
friendly and efficient staff , great hygienist and dentist !
pleasant experience ( not an easy task for a dental office ) !
dr ito and his staff are the absolute best !
dr. ito is awesome !
i found my new dentist !
i would recommend this office for your dental needs !
dr. ito was so easy going and knowledgable .
excellent experience from beginning to end .
highly recommend dr. ito and his staff !
dr. ito and team are wonderful .
everyone here is super friendly and , also important , efficient !
dr. ito and the staff truly care about the patient .
the dental hygienist i see , jennifer , is very thorough and careful .
dr. ito is always upbeat and engaging .
dr. ito and staff are wonderful .
michelle and jamie really take good care of me .
and oh yeah !
so i highly recommend this dental practice .
they make you feel like family when you come into the office .
dr. ito is a fantastic dentist .
i really appreciated his willingness to come in on his day off !
i recommend them to everyone !
the staff is friendly and the place is run efficiently .
would highly recommend them !
nice doctors , nice staff .
_num_ thumbs up !
the best thing i have had here however ... is the veal parm panini .
as a matter of fact ... im ordering now !
i 'm a super fan !
super !
family run .
i just finished a delicious eggplant parmesan sandwich and tossed salad from here .
i recently had a friend bring my wife and me here .
after eating here i thoroughly recommend trying this place .
the service was excellent and the food was outstanding !
the food was fantastic and the service was terrific .
they made us feel like family .
i had an incredible dish of linguine with clam sauce .
it tasted so fresh and the clams were delish !
and he said it was terrific .
the atmosphere is great for family dining .
excellent place ; friendly , family run and great fast service .
it 's a quaint little restaurant that makes it feel very comfy and homey .
i have only had the pizza twice , and it is very delicious !
price is very competitive .
definitely one of the finest restaurants in phoenix , and i 'm picky !
as good as it gets !
they really go so above and beyond !
all the other places treated it as a marketing event and brought coupons .
it 's all good at this neighborhood gem !
by far the best calzone i 've ever had , really .
a true find .
awesome .
the staff is wonderful , fast , and friendly .
best pizza in ahwatukee !
family owned .
great service .
this restaurant is first class from start to finish .
it 's amazing !
their pizza has a fantastic crust and ingredients are fresh and plentiful .
amazing place !
highly recommended .
food was fantastic and service was even better .
they deserve it !
my son 's absolutely favorite place .
service always very good .
great little italian restaurant for pizza and pasta dishes .
the service is awesome with friendly family taking care of you .
highly recommended .
another fantastic meal from this little _num_ person bistro .
great authentic ny pizza and pastas .
nothing fancy , but all high quality !
very good prices , decent pizza and italian .
i absolutely love this little hole-in-the-wall place .
the food is delicious and fresh .
ca n't recommend it enough !
great family owned restaurant .
my husband and i agreed that the atmosphere was wonderful .
will definitely be back to support a `` family-owned '' restaurant !
i love italian .
it is ok to bring your kids into this restaurant .
i love it .
thanks mario and family .
small family owned place .
lovely atmosphere .
great food .
pizza and fresh sangria are worth the visit !
i have had the calzones too , which are a generous size and delicious .
our family visits regularly .
amazing !
family owned !
the price was excellent too !
the restaurant is small itself , but its kept clean and organized .
this is one of our favorite local restaurants .
my kids also love the big baked cookie dessert .
service is super friendly and i love to support this family owned business .
excellent , friendly , `` neighborhood '' restaurant .
one of my favorites for delicious italian food .
really good italian food !
simple menu , great service and big portions !
the clam pizza is unique and fantastic .
great food and even better service .
it 's been two years since my last review of mario 's neighborhood gem .
we love the food and the service ... and feel like family here .
this place is a gem .
i love this place .
it 's exactly what you want from a true neighborhood family-owned restaurant .
we ordered the ravioli and spaghetti , and enjoyed them !
good food , good people , good prices .
the staff were terrific .
the food is excellent and the staff is very nice .
there butternut squash with the vodka sauce is delicious .
great family run italian food !
service was great , prices are reasonable .
i just ate the best slice of pizza since i am living in arizona .
my son 's absolutely favorite place .
service always very good .
get the baked ziti ... creamy , smooth and delicious !
what a great place to eat .
perfect for a date night .
family owned restaurant with love and great food .
mario is a friendly caring owner .
the place is intimate .
strip mall yes but so worth the visit .
finally got around to visiting this neighborhood family owned little joint .
first time i have tried gluten free pizza and it was good .
picked my own fresh toppings and a very nice sauce .
it is a bit of a drive but well worth it .
i love their pizza and their linguini .
appetizers all excellent .
great service .
great food .
a little pizzeria , a bit pricey but well worth the money .
great selection for gluten free eaters .
this is a cute family owned restaurant .
small inside but the food is so good !
so good it 's definitely an east coasters dream place .
very good pizza .
cannoli was excellent .
friendly staff .
best gluten free italian bar none !
this is one of my favorite places to eat in the entire valley .
great family italian .
good food and great server .
nice little mom and pop place .
pepperoni pizza and spaghetti with meatballs .
both excellent .
our favorite family restaurant .
my family really enjoys this family owned restaurant !
when we first moved here from illinois , we called to order a pizza .
what a great way to be welcomed to ahwatukee !
love this place !
my family and i go here all the time .
they treat us like family .
try the sangria -- best i 've ever had .
we 've found a nice family owned italian restaurant with great food .
pasta nights on monday or tuesday are a great deal .
all of our dishes were perfect , seasoned well and we will be back !
this doctor is amazing .
he is so knowledgeable and makes you feel very comfortable .
he is knowledgeable , informative and caring - what more could anyone ask for !
he explained everything and took great care of her .
they are thorough , creative , and effective .
this is a fantastic group !
they both were extremely caring and had the best bedside manner .
the gals in the office are just as great !
she is so caring and personable .
she always helps and remembers you and what 's going on in your life .
highly recommend .
good food , great biscuits , good service , and a nice clean atmosphere .
yes ... i admit it ... i 've a soft spot for southern food .
this location is clean and efficient .
the food is all fantastic and of good quality .
love cracker barrel !
love me some chocolate cake !
heavy southern food with delicious biscuits and mouthwatering homemade jam .
i absolutely love this place !
great food and atmosphere !
i love the service .
they are very friendly and thoughtful .
i love the hash browns and the grits .
the food is always warm to hot when i get it .
was very good !
a ill sweet , but so tasty .
the ambiance in the store is always so homey .
great dcor and an exciting shop inside !
love it !
our server michael g was outstanding .
that 's pretty much all you have to do .
good home style cooking with plenty of comfort foods .
we always go home with leftovers .
service is always friendly and the place is hopping .
excellent !
great service .
food that delivers on the brand promise .
fair pricing .
the food was delicious and cooked to perfection .
omg the best country food ever !
you 'll always find new faves as well !
it 's always perfection on the tongue !
omg it 's so good !
love this place !
they have the best food ever !
great service is a huge plus !
after eating here my favorite thing to do is shop the gift shop !
they also carry nostalgic candy .
the biscuits are amazing !
the apples were super good .
overall it was a fantastic experience and we want cracker barrel in california !
i love this place .
the service and food are great .
love , love , love cracker barrel !
consistently great service , large portioned food , and at a great price !
my hub and i only eat their breakfasts and always leave full and happy .
the blueberry pancakes are awesome also , most of all the price is excellent !
and i have to say i really love this place !
the staff is amazing , very attentive and sweet !
my friend recommended this place .
it was so good .
i will definitely find one to go to in cali .
our waitress was soooooo sweet .
love her !
i love this place !
they are so friendly and the food is so good .
great job !
nice brunch and decent portions !
the country store is cute and had a lot of neat things .
the buttermilk oven fried chicken is so good !
cracker barrel is one of the best places for fried okra .
he is so attentive , super nice and friendly .
thx for a great dinner tonight !
we love coming here .
the food is always good and the service is always above and beyond expectations .
love the atmosphere and although it 's always slammed and packed is worth it .
love the little gift shop with all the neat things to look at .
great food great service and not over priced and i love the atmosphere !
good food and friendly staff !
very friendly and attentive to our every need !
love all the fun stuff out front always a great variety !
always a good time and great service at this cracker barrel location .
the staff is very friendly and food is delicious .
my favorite breakfast is the sunrise sampler .
lots of good food for a great value .
i also love the county store and especially the end of season clearance finds .
not a gourmet restaurant just a great place with great food .
just a great place to fill your belly with a home cooked meal .
i love this place !
it always smells amazing in there and the gift shop is cute .
bathrooms are clean and the music is lively .
awsome price for great food most items under _num_ $ !
pretty convenient location .
i must say i really enjoyed this little gem of a library .
this is a nice small library .
easy and convenient .
the children and baby story times are fun and well done !
i love coming .
i love my library .
it 's a super neighborhood library .
this is a nice library .
mary was terrific , patient and listened carefully to what i wanted .
( a tremendous improvement over the salon i went to several years ago ! )
thanks mary !
i highly recommend you and your services .
in addition she is very kind .
i would definitely recommend her !
mary is vey knowledgable and professional .
i would recommend her to anyone and everyone .
the service has always been good .
they had a huge selection of photo cakes and well know character designs .
makes it worth the price .
i loved coming here every few days to shop .
this store is always clean .
he is so sweet and loves kids .
the sushi is decent being that it 's pre-made .
i really enjoy shopping here .
the place is always clean , great selection of produce , and friendly service !
one of my favorite stores .
clean , friendly , great deals .
the manager , rich , is over-the-top nice to his customers .
he goes above and beyond to ensure they 're pleased .
by far my favorite grocery store in the valley !
its a bit on the pricier side but well worth it .
the store is large , clean , and the staff very friendly .
prices are reasonable with a good selection of items .
fantastic customer service and i will be a loyal customer for years .
oh so good !
i love it !
nice decor .
friendly service .
my friend ordered a shrimp dish with peanut sauce and it was good .
overall a good dining experience .
i have eaten in the main room and the sushi bar with equal success .
i like the straight sushi best and their sampler is nice .
the thai dishes are all good , i like the shrimp satay .
wow !
we loved this place .
the tom yum soup is awesome .
how cool is that for any of my vegetarian friends !
my hubby is a huge fan of their carmel apples .
she does an amazing job !
was it the best ever ?
so will definitely be back .
it is fast food !
awesome hamburger !
awesome lemonade !
good service and clean tables & floors .
a tad pricey but worth it .
fatburger is one of my favorite burger joints .
the burger was fresh & tasty as usual ... .
it 's worth the wait though .
i was impressed .
the director is very well organized .
love it .
but , now they have a good , solid staff .
a few teachers are absolute gems !
worth the wait though .
this marshall 's truly has everything ... .
not mention great bargains and great prices .
however continue to eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
it has lots of good quality clothing and home goods at low prices .
this is the best marshall 's i 've visited .
a must do for me !
home goods has a ton of great finds for decent prices .
this location was an excellent spot for our wedding as well .
the staff is helpful and friendly here as well .
great variety , good pricing , helpful staff .
we found a pot , pan , and filtered bottle for water ... .
win win !
it 's inexpensive and i 've always received unexpectedly good service .
this location has it down !
cute holiday themed to-go box .
kind of on the pricy side .
my waiter was kind and attentive .
one thing about cpk is that they are consistent .
got the creamy pesto penne pasta i added some shrimp , absolutely delicious .
this location had friendly staff and was clean .
my husband had the moroccan salad and loved it .
my kids loved their pizzas and sundaes .
it looked great and she said it was delicious .
they did a fantastic job and the food was delicious .
great new menu choices and still good as ever .
good food and good service every time i eat here .
first of all ... .
they sat us almost immediately , and gave us great service .
ps , split a pizza and salad and you will be happy .
their garlic chicken pasta is also very good .
overall is good .
the pasta is pretty good .
the food here is always great , but today the service was extra amazing .
my family is gluten free .
thank you !
i love california pizza kitchen , they have the best macaroni and cheese here .
i also ordered the tortilla soup it was spicy and thick very delicious .
awesome service and awesome pizza !
liked it very much .
the ambience was good and staff was extremely courteous and friendly.
tried hummus and spicy chipotle pizza , and both were very good.
thank you so much for the wonderful experience for my son sam !
all of which are phenomenal .
we will definitely continue our date nights at cpk !
fresh food and great service !
fresh ingredients cooked and served warm .
it was a nice large portion and tasty .
quick service and great prices !
fresh and tasty !
otherwise , food is good and reasonable and most importantly , has many choices .
the chopped salad is good with grilled chicken .
good food , good salsa choices .
the fish taco 's were really good .
still , very yummy .
great food .
great service .
everything arrived and was set up beautifully .
the service is personable and the store is always in great shape .
the staff is always really nice and its a quick somewhat healthy meal .
very good catering ... something for everyone !
overall everyone loved it .
he was great !
good job .
great food and excellent customer service !
a great experience !
i found the staff to be very pleasant .
and my pedicure looks great !
wow i did n't even look at the reviews .
i 'm surprised my experience went so well .
fantastic pedicure !
angel is the best !
i had a great experience .
he did a great job !
i will be back !
he was a delight and super talented !
i recommend his services to anyone !
she was great .
very talented with many years of experience .
she 's super friendly and goes over everything with you .
she nailed my color !
so happy i found a stylist here in az on my first try !
amber totally understood my look and what i wanted and did it perfectly !
pat is truly an artist !
whatever it is you want she can give it to you .
pat is experienced , talented , and knows how to make you look good .
also , this is my favorite ulta , everyone is friendly and helpful .
when i tried them on , they fit perfectly !
her name is grace .
thank you grace as i 'm a big fan !
when i picked it up , it was pristine .
this is one of the best sandwich chains in my area .
food is good quality and tastes good .
clean , good , consistent food and friendly service !
but this place is so good .
the food is cooked so well and everything is hot and delicious .
great food .
my favorite dish is their teriyaki chicken .
juicy chicken with an excellent sauce .
always my go to store due to wonderful customer service .
there were _num_ people working there and both were very nice and appropriately attentive .
its food is always tasty and the coffee is scrumptious .
kudos to him for friendliness and service !
highly recommended .
man this place is good !
bring it to vegas , please ?
their cookies are soooo good .
two thumbs up paradise !
i really enjoy fresh healthy food .
the salads are great and aways have a great variety of daily soups .
always awesome cookies .
great food .
great service .
great service , awesome food !
love being able to meet for business & dine with wi-fi !
great for business !
great place for sandwiches and soup .
both were good and tasty .
remember you always get a cookie with your meal .
it has very good flavor .
thanks hannah .
he greeted me with a smile and helped me figure out what i wanted .
their cookies are amazing .
there is a park right by there and you can go eat there .
amazing customer service .
very unexpected and very nice .
you made the whole experience fabulous !
thanks .
the staff are very friendly here .
great food and great atmosphere .
very nice selection and courteous employee .
thanks to jake , i 'm completely happy with my grill and his recommendations .
i love this petsmart !
the prices are good being a big box store .
the staff is very helpful and friendly .
our babies just love going to be pampered and always come home looking great .
great service !
very amazing staff and vet is amazing with all my dogs .
would recommend her to everyone .
competent staff .
always friendly and efficient .
this store is always clean and has great service !
the gentleman working there is always pleasant and professional !
the staff here is great !
always have nice friendly service when i 'm in here .
not only do they do ups but us mail as well .
amazing food !
everything that islands servers is prepared and made with perfection !
the service is friendly and pleasant and best of all its fast !
islands is a great place for a nice lunch or fun dinner .
the lively and tropical atmosphere really sets this restaurant apart from any other .
the service at this location is very good and the food is delicious !
i 'll certainly get those again !
great burger , taco , salad , nacho place .
i love the decor , feel like i am in hawaii .
service was very friendly and cared about our experience .
love the burgers and onion rings !
their drinks are also really great .
good combination and flavors .
good service , great prices , good place for a family to dine out .
they accommodate well to gluten free people as well !
i have been to other locations and this one is probably better .
i love the never ending french fries !
island 's also has the most amazing french fries !
best of all the french fries are bottomless !
i love their burgers and my favorite are the mahi tacos !
absolutely not healthy and very limited healthy options .
the service is great and always friendly and fast .
i do love their french fries and seasoning .
great for families and kids .
i love this place and their burgers .
had their turkey burger and it was delicious !
clean and bright restaurant , great wait staff ... will be back !
my first meal at islands was a lot of fun .
its a neat looking place and the burgers really are quite good .
i really enjoyed the food though !
great hamburgers and great service .
love this place .
it 's the best !
the service is great and the food is good .
the tortilla soup is my fave !
full of flavor and never disappoints .
i would definitely recommend this tasty spot with friends or family .
service is always great at this location as well .
they 're awesome and i plan on seeing a movie and eating here tomorrow .
the food was also terrific .
lot 's of cool island drinks are also available .
delicious and great service .
our food came out quickly and everything tasted delicious .
the best part about it was the service and our server .
yes , islands is a chain , but they do a good burger .
a damn fine one .
the turkey patty was refreshingly moist and seasoned beautifully !
very attentive .
islands is a good place to eat and just relax with friends .
the bartender and manager really went the extra mile to take care of us !
good service at the bar tho .
shannon was great .
so he made it for me again , special , just for me !
we absolutely love there service , food , and atmosphere .
everyone is so wonderful !
love islands !
best burger - hawaiian , best fries anywhere and best ranch .
they also make their own ranch .
delicious !
juicy flavorful and the bun ( whole wheat ) is divine .
surprisingly good .
my burger was good and came exactly how i special ordered it .
this is one awesome place .
i havent found a good place so far for the veggie burgers .
keep up the good cooking and i will visit every chance i get .
the most amazing burgers in town !
nothing great.
but overall amazing place.
awesome food.
despite the busy atmosphere , our service was excellent ( thanks , michael l .
the table was very clean and we were greeted quickly .
both were very tasty and filling .
we topped it off with a chocolate brownie that was very good .
overall , a very good experience and we would both recommend a return visit .
awesome lunch !
well ran establishment .
our waitress , elizabeth , did a great job !
when it comes to burgers , this place is one of my favorites .
the food here is pretty good and the waiting time is short .
oh man that thing is so juicy and full of flavor .
i can definitely recommend it to anyone who likes burgers .
lo and behold we spot a familiar place from the old location , amy .
all in all it was a great time and look forward to going back .
yummy yummy fries !
the bottomless tropical tea is also so good and refreshing in this heat .
kona pie yummy and served at perfect temperature .
comes with a great people watching patio too .
my husband and my favorite place to eat !
will definitely be back again !
great burgers ... endless fries .
my daughters enjoyed it though !
and the iced tea is phenomenal .
awesome service and amazing burgers .
i got the hawaiian and it was cooked perfect and was hot .
strongly recommend the sweet potato fries they were great .
burgers are still really good here .
but what made our drive across town worthwhile is the service by amanda .
she was simply the best server out of all our experiences here .
we were very impressed with the decor , service and burgers here .
i love a restaurant that can be so consistent for so long !
island 's is a reliable , yummy restaurant that the whole family can enjoy .
i will always be a customer !
first time here and it was a great experience especially post school shopping !
ashley our waitress was so nice and prompt and had an attention to detail !
kids loved it great environment and food !
great happy hour specials that we will definitely be back for !
location is perfect for shopping and having fun !
had a really great experience !
we always get great service here !
burgers are great with unlimited fries !
really relaxing vibe .
grab a bit to eat and go see a movie right next door .
good date night .
he was attentive , professional and friendly .
our food , as usual , was delicious .
they absolutely have to take them off the menu .
top rated service by casey for dinner last night .
he was upbeat , friendly and exceptionally efficient !
the food was delicious and the tropical iced tea fantastic !
jacob was great !
thanks , jacob !
i enjoy the burgers and fries very much .
great place !
however , our server jorge made this visit the best we 've had yet .
we shared that jorge did an exceptional job and hope he gets rewarded accordingly .
cool atmosphere and great service .
she was positive and had a great personality .
food is delicious .
love the burgers they have here !
awesome eating experience !
great food and a great atmosphere even during the supper rush !
everyone was polite and the food was excellent .
fast , friendly , service .
great food .
great service at the bar from amy today .
thanks , amy !
great selection .
love this place .
i feel so comfortable shopping here , it 's like second nature .
thank you monty and verizon wireless for always having the best customer service !
even called me to let me know the status of our refund !
i will always go there to look for him !
i ca n't remember the last time i got such a great customer service .
based on my experience , i highly recommend this verizon store .
friendly staff .
clean , well lit knowledgeable staff .
i really appreciate everything that he did for us !
this place is utterly awesome !
make sure to look at every display and every corner .
but there really is a lot to look at .
they have some amazing decorating pieces and their prices are pretty great .
the staff at this store is very pleasant and helpful .
the happy hour menu was actually really impressive .
food : happy hour for $ _num_ !
great atmosphere .
upbeat .
i was impressed and will be back .
the bartender is always attentive , witty and fun .
as far as beer goes , it 's pretty good .
i love the pretzels !
good food and good beer .
the beer is truly amazing , the food is good .
love it !
pretty good for a chain .
its perfect on a warm summer day !
their patio is really nice and big too all year round .
the summer chicken quesadilla is really good as well .
plenty of tvs for watching sports .
good music and an enjoyable atmosphere .
i gave this place one extra star because there beers here are very good .
on short noticed i needed a place to throw a business happy hour .
love it !
service was awesome and the food is always good .
we all had a great time and i am a big fan .
all was good and i really liked their salsa .
thank you !
great beer , food and service !
best sports bar type place in desert ridge .
love their happy hour and mug club !
great place to meet friends and watch a game : ) highly recommended !
it was very tasty !
the appetizers were also good .
brian 's beer is great !
and the food is awesome !
great patio seating to do some people watching .
ask for tommy at the bar , he 'll take great care of ya !
the appetizers were delicious .
my glass of wine was very good .
favorite stop !
great beer and food !
tiger fan friendly !
my husband and i love coming here for happy hour .
they have great appetizer and drink specials .
the pork street tacos were also great .
great place to watch a game .
enjoy the beers , especially the current seasonal ipa # _num_ .
great happy hour , friendly staff .
the atmosphere and staff are worth it as well as the beer .
they should be full of ingredients .
nice .
but , the food was excellent .
bartender will give you samples of their beer , which is good .
great place .
fantastic happy hours .
jake is the best waiter and will help you with the menu and beers .
took incredible care of us .
our waiter james was amazing !
he answered all of our questions and had great customer service .
we ordered so much food and all of it was awesome !
had great service from james made us feel welcome !
great ipa !
well done .
the appetizer platter was great .
we were seated promptly an the service was good .
delicious .
absolutely delicious .
such a simple dish , cooked to perfection .
good food , good beer , good ambiance .
this has been one of my best dental experiences so far .
the staff is helpful .
i liked them .
michelle the hygienist is fantastic !
she 's fast and does a very thorough job at the same time !
the staff are all great and very friendly !
there all so friendly and truly care !
thank you for the great dental care i receive !
the staff is amazing .
they are professional , friendly , and considerate of the patients ' time .
thanks !
see you next week .
the team made the process much easier and comfortable than expected .
overall a very positive experience !
very professional and courteous .
staff is awesome .
and my favorite dental hygienist : michelle .
thank you all for your great service !
they both make sure that my dental health and teeth are the best !
i have been a patient of aesthetic family dentistry since _num_ .
they are efficient , timely , friendly , and truly care about me .
everything about this group of professionals is exceptional - thank you michelle and dr .
they always follow up after any dental work to ensure all is well .
super timely , very efficient and so kind .
i just switched to this practice last week and thrilled i did !
such a friendly and caring staff !
they all do excellent work .
i have a crazy schedule and they are always great about working with it .
highly recommended !
i so appreciate the high level of customer service .
everyone is so friendly and focused on the patient .
it is important to allow staff the time to provide thorough care .
thank you to all !
always on time , polite and efficient !
love getting my teeth cleaned by michelle .
this store is great .
the store is small but full of merchandise .
hopefully you 'll be happy too .
i love kohl 's !
i go in for one thing and come out with some fantastic deals .
their store is clean , and well it , and their staff is fantastic .
he took the time to speak to my two children and was extremely pleasant .
i was pleasantly surprised and it actually made my night .
i would highly recommend this kohls .
friendly associates and great prices !
the store is always organized so i can shop with ease .
thanks kohl 's for being a great place to shop !
kohl 's was right on the money !
we looked great at wedding and received compliments .
thank you kohl 's so much for your great selection of products !
i love this kohl 's the staff is always friendly and attentive .
the section is huge and the prices are great .
this location is the best i have been to the layout is great .
they have great beer and food specials during happy hour .
the staff is always friendly and provides prompt service .
perfect .
nicole was our server and the service was excellent !
friendly staff most of the time .
i really like their clothes .
the pricing is good and so is the quality .
i walked in there today wanting to check out their epic winter sale .
their clearance section is better than the section at pv mall , hands down !
they do their jobs well .
this store is great !
very friendly staff .
great location .
great selection .
the people are friendly , and the store is clean , if cluttered .
this was by far the best place to shop for our new home .
the service is incredible .
one of the best dentist offices around .
she is wonderful !
she very thorough and knowledgeable about your dental health .
her staff is friendly as well .
i love this place .
both transaction went smoothly .
i love this barnes and noble .
it is always neat and inviting and great service at the starbucks cafe .
ready player one was unique and quite interesting .
they have a great selection of every type of book you can imagine .
i find it fun to people watch in the different sections .
the staff here is very friendly and helpful !
this place was definitely better than border 's when it was still around .
the staff here is always friendly and helpful .
good sized bookstore , always something to see in the collection they have .
happy that this is still open .
i always couple a good magazine read with starbucks .
the entire menu is delectable .
all of them are consistently excellent .
yeah i know ; it 's a chain .
their lunch special was cool ; soup or salad and half sandwich .
it 's quick , light and tasty !
the food is always great and reasonably priced .
the staff is also very friendly .
she is always cheerful and makes our experience all the more enjoyable .
it was all amazing !
this place is the best .
their bread is awesome !
its a solid menu with solid italian food .
great atmosphere and wonderful server .
awesome job .
we were seated promptly and our server was very nice and friendly .
but this time it was so light and fluffy ... a real treat .
both were good .
my waiter was delightful .
great meal for a fair price .
to start off the waitress we had was absolutely great !
i sat at the bar area last night and had a wonderful time .
happy hour specials on the house wine $ _num_ .
and they filled the glasses generously : ) i had a great time !
i 've pretty much always had great food and service .
haha either way , great fun and food .
a chain restaurant can be the perfect spot when the service is great .
the bar tender mike really takes care of his customers .
he handles a busy bar area very well .
worth checking out !
and we all loved the bread that came with the meal .
not the best food in the world , but tasty and a nice atmosphere .
i had the blackened chicken parmesan and it was very good .
but the service was great .
must say it was pretty good !
great portions tasted good and the price was right !
cute clothes + good prices = a happy me .
great place to shop at desert ridge .
now that is great service .
they always have great prices .
i appreciated his help and the time he took with me .
i highly recommend him .
i had such a great experience here .
the service here is efficient and friendly .
i highly recommend her for any waxing or facial needs !
she did a great job .
facials are also awesome .
she is absolutely accommodating .
the employee who did her piercing was friendly and thorough .
i 'm not too sure about others but i strongly recommend choosing her !
she 's cut my hair for years and i absolutely adore her .
definitely will come back !
sam is also highly skilled and a great listener .
tell sam what you want and she 'll exceed your expectations .
she was good and was confident cutting my hair .
and the fries , fresh cut .
it is worth the trip cross country .
well maybe not , but i do enjoy them while i am visiting .
great burgers and fries ... .
great .
the best ?
best quality burgers and fries ever !
simple menu , high quality made to order food .
awesome !
fries are made fresh cut in house .
scottsdale also has an in and out on frank lloyd wright .
we are always greeted by a friendly cashier .
and last , but not least , the food is always great !
great burgers with fresh veggies that are always awesome !
their hamburgers are works of art .
love the quality ingredients , the crisp lettuce and the toasted bun .
good consistent quality .
simple business model .
they only sell three different burgers and they do it very well .
i 'm good to go !
the menu here is very simple .
love this place -- they do an amazing job .
their burgers are always freshly made to order and tasty .
again made fresh from fresh sliced potatoes .
i loved it all !
i 'll be back here , yummm !
for those who just do n't understand the hype , it 's very simple .
fresh , high quality ingredients .
it really makes a huge difference !
this particular location has amazing staff and service !
everyone was kind , knowledgeable , and fun .
our food was obviously great .
this particular location is amazing , the food is always fresh and fantastic .
the employees are ridiculously polite and efficient and it is very , very clean .
unreal !
now that 's great customer service !
i 've always been a fan of this place .
quality food , love it !
would recommend this place to everyone !
these burgers are fantastic - made fresh , good ingredients and very tasty .
their prices are very reasonable too .
fries are hand cut and very good too .
would eat here more often if it was closer to home .
favorite place for a simple burger lunch .
i love this place !
this is the greatest hang out spot to chill at .
its a great place to grab fast food !
delicious !
love these burgers .
awesome burgers and fries .
super friendly service , and a clean eating establishment .
fries are super tasty as well .
the burgers are good but the fries are always like warm .
the place is always spotless which is important to me .
love in n out !
so good !
surely we will be back !
in n out is the best .
great location and staff .
in-n-out is always good and i 've been to about a dozen of them .
one of the best burgers around , fast service and friendly employees .
i only have great things to say about this company !
also all the staff are extremely friendly and highly proficient .
excellent burgers made fresh with each order .
fast and efficient service .
has a drive in service .
the restaurant is kept very clean ... which i really appreciate !
their burgers are always great .
we ate here and the hamburgers were perfect ... as usual .
in-n-out burger is definitely a cut above the rest .
thanks so much to the fine employees at desert ridge .
delicious burger !
she greeted me with a smile , and is my favorite worker now !
employees are always nice , always fresh and tasty as usual .
i come every week to this location , love the food , always satisfied .
love , love , love the burgers !
this place is always packed at lunch both inside and out .
the burgers always leave you wanting more .
the staff are even better than the food - expedient and friendly .
by far the best burger joint around .
they have great service and overall great prices .
um duh !
customer service was friendly and helpful !
i have friends that rave about living in and out burger .
are the burgers so good i would come all the time .
great place for kids to make personalized gifts .
friendly and helpful service .
nice selection of classes .
love this place !
it was a great time .
everyone painted and had fun .
it really is a fun group activity and a birthday party is just perfect .
it was a great time !
my niece had fun and she loves her green and purple puppy .
this is a fun thing to do with kids .
the staff are really helpful and friendly .
a fellow named ryan helped our group and he was great .
such a fun place for kids and parents both .
great place to make gifts or just to have fun .
so fun .
yes , it is a little pricey , but it is so much fun .
he was very attentive and friendly , even when other customers arrived .
thanks , as you wish !
i love art and was excited to get started .
this place is so addicting !
the staff is wonderful , very friendly !
i take my friends and family here , they all love it .
my two year old and i had fun !
i love this place !
it is so addicting !
and their staff is very helpful !
this place is just pure greatness .
the paint selection is exquisite , and the pottery is top notch .
because of her exceptional service , my wish is for her to be rewarded .
she walked us through the process and assisted us with the questions we had .
keep it up courtney .
summer classes are awesome along with all their classes !
i take my review back ... i went back and it was unforgettable .
maybe i was really hungry but it was delicious !
i come here all the time and always receive speedy , efficient service .
i always get some of their fresh squeezed oj as well .
for sure best bagels ever .
i love this place !
really good and really friendly people .
i never have stopped in before today but it was worth it .
very fast service and the employees were courteous .
they have worked my family and friends homes with the same great experience .
i am exceedingly pleased !
excellent .
professional installation and beautiful workmanship with reasonable prices .
i will use their services again !
i love it .
great fast food , great service , low prices !
this place is so needed .
great prices , quick service and large portions .
eddie 's is what you would expect , a great diner .
the fare is pretty simple and done well .
the place was clean and reasonably fast , and the staff friendly .
the chili is the best i have ever had !
good basic food .
plenty of it .
down-home , informal , good stuff .
friendly staff , bright colorful clean atmosphere .
i 'll definitely be eating here regularly .
definitely recommended !
great service !
the service was great and the food was excellent .
the decor is great !
yum this place is amazing !
very good homestyle cooking .
you get a good meal at a decent price .
loved fast eddie 's diner !
this was my husband and my first time here and we will definitely return !
the portion sizes were good .
the food was delicious and well worth the drive .
and the steak is really pretty good .
food was great quality , and fresh .
they have excellent service , definitely coming back !
the staff was very friendly and seated us right away .
one waitress actually told me about a cheaper meal with more food .
good food .
fast service .
great prices .
other then that the food is good .
so glad we did it has a great fish fry on friday .
all you can eat cod .
the service is friendly & good .
staff is attentive and friendly .
huge booths for big parties or privacy .
wonderful staff and the food is better than ihop and denny 's .
best hash browns ever !
eddie knows how to throw down some grub !
this diner has consistently good food and excellent service .
the old fashioned style restaurant is definitely a staple in the west valley .
this is definitely a good breakfast/brunch experience for casual day .
my favorite 's are there skillets that come with a little bit of everything .
love this breakfast dive -- from the sassy decor , to the generous helpings !
very reasonably priced , especially considering the amount of food you get .
the service can be iffy at times .
the coffee is great .
message me and i will yelp you the details .
they also have a small coffee bar .
being near my house it is easy but the staff is great .
the carwash is also quick and easy and the car always looks good .
clean and friendly service .
easy in , easy out !
a few days later i got my truck back in perfect condition .
i was very impressed and pleased with the way the manager handled my situation .
great service !
jeremy brown came out to review a client 's fireplace and he was amazing !
jason answered all my questions i had and was very professional and honest .
he was very thorough and spent a fair amount of time .
this company is great .
small business , locally owned and very responsive .
i would highly recommend his company !
thanks !
i would recommend southwest patio door repair to everyone !
i recommend southwest patio door repair to everyone .
great company , great service , very knowledgeable and reasonably priced .
i am so happy with their work !
very friendly staff .
i would recommend this location to anyone .
was very pleased with the work done here !
chuck was very nice and told me that he had appointments available all afternoon .
great experience !
do a great job on my kids cuts .
they are fast and efficient .
recommended for men of all ages .
best cut in years .
loved the atmosphere and service .
family owned joint .
also the jr high youth group is very awesome !
god gets _num_ stars and so does shiloh community church !
my wife and i love this church .
pastor jason is great and down to earth .
it is an overall good feeling place to be .
its really a great church .
it does its purpose .
their food , however , is really good .
a great place to have a beer and relax !
the staff is extremely friendly !
cool place .
cold beer good food and people are friendly and talkative .
just feels like a nice place to hang out .
will definitely return !
just a fun light hearted friendly neighborhood pub .
best karaoke place ever !
staff will super take care of you !
it 's good cheap drinks with a laid back crowd .
full of regulars .
all the girls are great .
exceptional value on drinks and food .
great local bar .
good food and good prices .
i stop here for happy hour on the way home 2-3 times a month .
great service and fantastic burgers .
staff is very friendly and they have darts , pool and a internet jukebox .
they have great choices for songs !
the truck drivers were great about it .
when i find a new rock supply i will let you all know .
a friend recommended life maid easy and i 'm so glad that she did .
i know that i will be calling them in the future ... thank you !
this company and their team of cleaners are absolutely one of the best .
we will continue using them and recommend them to anyone .
they truly represent , `` life maid easy ! ''
highly recommended .
i 'm a walgreen 's fan myself but this cvs is decent .
the staff up front here is pretty nice too .
its right by my work .
the layout and place is clean and the pharmacy is pretty fast with prescriptions .
the staff is friendly and courteous .
the pharmacy staff is very helpful and thorough when getting prescriptions .
great neighborhood cvs !
i recommend her .
more importantly - they have a very competent staff of nurses and assistants .
entire office has a great sense of humor too !
i am very comfortable seeing anyone in the practice .
he is an amazing listener and truly cares .
staff is very sharp and as well makes each patient feel important .
family owned and a great place !
staff is super friendly .
love this place !
the competition level is great and the referring is fair .
the hours are great too .
maybe i 've been lucky , but my food is always hot and fresh .
the workers have always been very nice and make you want to come back .
they trim all my trees and cleaned everything up after they were done .
yard looks great .
they worked with my budget and my patio looks amazing !
i love it here .
the place is beautiful and the girls in the leasing office are so sweet !
all they need is cocktail service and i 'd be set !
we are so happy with our choice !
we love having a community around us .
the office management were wonderful and kind , then and now .
it is in a great location !
we love it !
celebrated my birthday here with _num_ of my closest friends & family .
the menu is created daily and is always very creative .
but for anyone who loves fusion , i highly recommend this place .
great food , incredible service !
the waiters are like magic .
high priced , small portions but amazing quality and flavor .
in fine dining it is about more than just good food .
besides the food , the staff always makes our night memorable and delicious !
i love roy 's !
great pineapple martini and some other fruity drink that larry the bartender made us .
the calamari was so so , good not great .
i enjoyed our stay very much !
i also enjoyed the steak .
all were delicious .
in addition , the ahh selection of food had a nice variety .
super amazing service and an absolutely delicious menu !
excellent happy hour !
found it !
check it out !
both were fresh and excellent .
all were fantastic .
we have been here several times and each time has been excellent .
me and my fiancee had a four course valentine 's day dinner here .
dinner was great .
food was timed right and our server was on top of it .
certainly a different experience than i had the last time .
their outside patio is probably one of the nicest spots in town .
all delicious and certainly enough to fill even a hearty appetite .
a sure `` winner '' and probably one of the best deals in town .
food is always great , the service is professional and the best .
i always look forward to the different menu items and the smiling faces .
that is why i recommend roy 's and keep coming back .
they also have a delicious vegetarian menu if you ask your server .
... definitely in my top three phoenix area restaurants .
i had the roy 's trio & it was great !
we had such a great date night here !
i recommend a booth as its dark and quiet .
our waiter was great and gave recommendations that helped us .
aloha hour is the best !
we had a feast .
the service was great , very friendly , fast and attentive .
i went here with some business colleagues and enjoyed an excellent experience .
excellent happy hour special !
dinner was very good .
so yum !
great service and even better food .
great lobster potstickers and patio area !
on top of the food , however , the service was amazing .
great food / great service .
we had a fantastic experience here .
butter fish is great !
very good service & a beautiful restaurant !
the risotto upon which the fish sat was outstanding .
service was impeccable and the restaurant manager visited with us to verify as much .
always love coming here .
good finish after a rocky start - our steaks were all way overcooked .
we started at the bar for happy hour .
with that being said , wow , our server kat turned it around !
thank you cat , the service was excellent .
always original and wonderful .
wow !
it really was very , very good .
what an amazing blend of flavors !
amazing !
always a great time and great food .
love this place !
the food selection , drink selection and prices were excellent .
everyone knows polo when they smell it .
great for special occasions .
for a happy hour menu there are quite a few appetizers to chose from .
the service is always great !
definitely recommend for their happy hour !
i bring all of my out of towners for a drink !
add another location to my favorite roy 's restaurant .
the folks here are really nice , accommodating and the food is fab .
_num_ star service for sure .
but it is a great spot for a nice dinner !
the food was delicious .
the chocolate souffl was warm , gooey , and yummy !
ono was outstanding .
best roy 's location of the several i have dined at .
total package , always have a good time here !
great food in a very nice hotel .
good service but i did feel rushed .
the experience was great for the whole family .
our meal was fantastic , swordfish and sea bass .
my second visit to roy 's left me impressed once again !
the service was excellent .
the food was great too .
absolutely loved it as always .
the waitress alex was fantastic .
love this place .
had the grilled fish combo ... it was amazing .
it was cooked perfectly and all it should have been .
the fried rice was a great side to try as well .
we went with a big group and it was the perfect atmosphere for us .
the service was great .
love the food and great atmosphere .
the ahi tuna & avocado salad was an amazing starter .
it was sweet without being overly so .
overall and excellent meal with prompt and friendly service .
lobster potstickers make it worth the trip alone .
loved this place .
great dinner from the wine to the appetizers to the entree to the dessert .
on the side the truffles mac and cheese was delicious .
food , service ... everything was amazing .
the ahi was the highest quality and super dark red .
great local chef selection menu and the regular menu .
great sites on the property .
the spicy tuna rolls were devine !
everyone was so friendly .
it was super refreshing .
excellent service , excellent execution on our entrees .
great job guys !
perfect evening .
dinner was wonderful !
our server john was attentive and knew the menu !
customer service superb .
drinks superb .
she loved her fish and i thought my filet was very good .
all of the sides were great and the service was also really great .
anthony g was awesome !
it was easily the best restaurant experience i 've had .
he was super informative and nice to talk to .
everyone was so nice and helpful !
i 'm in awe of their service !
this was my first visit to roy 's and it was incredible !
greatest service and delicious food .
everything was delicious .
the presentation of the meals and desserts were outstanding .
all around an excellent job and so appreciated .
they helped make our wedding day special .
thank you !
now you got ta try the food .
gone here for years while staying at the hotel and it 's really good .
the marriott hotel is a beautiful setting for this terrific restaurant .
great birthday dinner with my wife last night .
they are running a filet & lobster summer special & it was delicious .
nice music .
great service .
service was good .
it is consistently good .
overall great food .
very good and healthy alternative for lunch .
they cook to order and you can watch them make your food .
the service is always quick and friendly and the food is great .
perfect for a quick lunch bite .
the food was amazing !
i had the chicken club pita and it was so delicious .
everything tasted really fresh .
we 'll definitely be back !
i love this healthy alternative .
fresh ingredients and always yummy .
service is very friendly and the food comes out relatively quick .
it beats subway , that 's for sure .
the price is right for a quick bite .
this place is real good for feeding your wife before a movie .
win win in my book .
this is a lot better than eating a whole bunch of popcorn .
pretty fresh ingredients .
i 'll definitely be back .
love extreme pita !
my kids love the pizza .
friendly and conveniently located .
i can probably best describe it as the `` subway '' of pita shops .
personally , i think the choices are great .
delicious .
i got garlic pita chips as well , and they were pretty good .
he 's both sweet and smart .
great store .
danielle was very friendly .
but they just cleaned her us so nice .
i am very happy and will definitely come back !
nice location , clean , good customer service and selection .
nice pet hotel and grooming areas as well .
great happy hour , not busy at all .
great alternative to other chain restaurants .
very good food : ) friendly , casual and always welcomed with a smile .
will be back !
both of the women in my life ordered the wedge salad .
i loved my shrimp scampi dinner with amazing lobster sauce .
the decor was cool i liked it .
lively atmosphere , excellent service and die for menu !
they have great lunch specials as well .
_num_ visits .
happy hour is full of values .
keep that bruschetta coming !
great going elephant bar !
i highly recommend this restaurant ; it is on my all time favorite list .
they have the best salad ever !
it is seriously the best salad i 've ever eaten .
i crave it daily !
they also have a good kids menu and a nice atmosphere .
the food was great and the atmosphere was fun .
super good food without breaking the bank .
good to very good .
very good .
very good .
as always , had another great experience , last night .
great atmosphere , delicious food and a staff with a good attitude .
the service was good especially on a saturday night .
the ambience of the elephant bar is rather nice as well .
love it .
great variety of food and everything on the menu tastes good !
they have delicious tropical drinks .
awesome service .
maybe the decor is cheesy , but that 's part of the fun !
just the way i like it .
the food looked fabulous and the server recommended the coconut shrimp .
went here for dinner tonight and had the most amazing server .
his name way ryan m and he was amazing .
the food was excellent as were the drinks .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
i will definitely go back there again & again & again !
best daily happy hours !
eat , drink and be merry my friends !
the food is pretty good - but the variety is amazing .
i might also add - theresa made perfect suggestions .
very extensive menu so good place to bring the family .
staff is friendly and well versed on the menu .
would highly recommend checking this place out !
our service was impeccable ( thanks nicole !
and the food was very good .
great time , good food !
we eat here a lot and almost always have a great experience .
there is a very cute and comfortable atmosphere and the service is always excellent .
we really enjoy the salmon , mahi mahi , and jambalaya especially .
if you have n't been here before , you should give it a try !
this place has such a cool mix of different foods .
the happy hour is actually affordable .
wonderful experience !
i really like this place .
i 'm a fan !
i love this restaurant !
great place !
good happy hour .
food was pretty good and atmosphere was nice .
luckily we caught the tail end of happy hour which was nice .
our bartender was a riot .
made our date night a humorous one .
always good .
great lunch spot , great food , great service .
the food was great the service was average .
i ordered an appetizer a big salad and a meal all top notch .
everything was cooked properly and delicious i ca n't wait to be back .
this is great .
angela is a terrific bartender .
stop by , ask for angela and enjoy the best experience ever .
love this place !
i was thrilled to find this near my home and the food is great .
well priced .
friendly and quick service .
i was very happy to find this place !
it was well worth the wait .
i enjoyed it very much .
very simple food with very fresh ingredients .
it 's in a great location too .
overall , really liked the food .
what a great little spot !
we both loved our food and would go again for sure .
do yourself a favor and give it a try .
its the best i 've had so far !
i get takeout sometimes because it is right near work .
their bun totally hit the spot and i really liked the egg rolls .
i just moved here from the bay area where vietnamese is plentiful .
tlc ranks up there with the good ca places i 've eaten at .
the atmosphere of the place is warm and cute .
very clean .
the owner was there and very nice .
took good care of my needs .
loved it !
this is a terrific alternative to the `` look alike '' restaurants in scottsdale .
the service is friendly and good .
and the price is right on !
great place to get some fast vietnamese food .
the portions are pretty light , but it sure is tasty .
good stuff .
an excellent blend of organic tea and citrus peel .
really good !
the ingredients ' freshness was superb .
anyway -- five stars for excellent vietnamese take out .
great pho .
always pleasant staff and consistent quality .
all in all , a good place to try .
love me some pho !
absolutely delicious .
quality materials , phenomenal flavors - everything to love .
this is the kind of place where you order extra to have for later !
this is the best pho i 've found in town yet .
this place is awesome !
what makes this place so great ?
well , first and foremost is the freshness of the ingredients .
third is the service ; always friendly and efficient .
my girlfriend and i love this place .
the pho is awesome comfort food .
this is by far the best vietnamese food i have ever had !
so glad the weather is cooling to make the soup that much more enjoyable !
love the new decor !
the pork meatball sandwich is the single best sandwich i have ever eaten !
i always feel appreciated when i come here , and i never leave unsatisfied .
it 's always really well prepared .
love the beef bun , chicken pho and the egg rolls .
tea light cafe is a great restaurant , no doubt about it .
my go to place when i want something delicious and quick .
i always get the pho which is just so damn good !
great food .
wonderful , friendly service .
i highly recommend .
it 's hearty , affordable and fast .
finally i agreed to go with him before a movie .
i am huge fan of this place !
the quality of the food is awesome !
i 've finally found a decent vietnamese restaurant in north scottsdale .
both were really good !
my partner ordered the beef and rice bowl , also very delicious .
fantastic beef noodle bowls .
the beef is perfectly charred and delicious .
that said , i really enjoy tea lite cafe .
the service is very fast .
important tip for weekday lunches : get there early !
the pork ball sandwich is also tasty .
the soups are great when it is cooler .
everything was great !
the beef was good and the broth itself really made the pho delicious .
plenty of seating with indoor and outdoor tables .
good customer service , fair prices , and delicious iced tea !
what more can you ask for in a quick and easy lunch spot .
my favorite meal is # _num_ , with extra beef .
chris and his wife are very accommodating , nice , and always welcoming .
the atmosphere is light , fun and the staff always has a smile .
definitely come here for a great time with some awesome vietnamese food !
great food .
very nice owner .
overall , great food for a good price .
great food with friendly and fast service .
i would highly recommend tea lite !
a visit to this place is how i treat myself !
service is quick and very friendly .
nice place to have in the neighborhood .
super friendly staff great food !
also love their # _num_ , noodles , egg roll and beef .
this is a great vietnamese find !
everything is so fresh and service is exceptional .
prices are reasonable as well !
the spring rolls are delicious as well .
this is an all around great restaurant !
the beef sandwhich is just awesome and tasty .
the beef is juicy and the sauce is good .
the broth is just delicious as is the noodles and chicken .
the staff are very friendly and nice .
we love this place !
i always get extra basil and cilantro !
hubby likes the spring rolls .
we really enjoy this place in the winter months .
i love the banh mi sandwich ... and of course , boba !
my husband and i both loved this place !
the service was friendly and quick .
we will definitely be making tea lite a regular .
quick service , food delicious ... .
best place to eat ever !
this is healthy good food !
the soup is fantastic !
the food is the best !
i go to tea lite cafe for lunch and i have always enjoyed it .
it is priced right and they get you your food quickly .
if you are looking for some pho i would recommend this place to anyone .
the flavor is good .
our favorite place for vietnamese food in north scottsdale .
nice folks running the place .
i order the beef pho and it is pretty good !
interesting place !
good , good stuff .
all good .
my new favorite place .
good !
love the chicken pho and beef or pork bun .
spring tools are delicious too !
best pho in north scottsdale .
great food .
great service as well .
very delicious and the best pho in my hood .
i also love the chicken pho and veggie spring rolls .
my husband and i love asian food and their food is awesome .
the best vietnamese restaurant in scottsdale .
i enjoy eating at tea lite cafe several times for lunch during the week .
the service is prompt and the staff are friendly .
our favorite place in the north valley for vietnamese food !
great pho and bun and good service .
the owner is friendly and the food is always fresh full of flavor .
i have found my new home !
this is the best place i have had pho since living in central california !
very happy customer !
great little noodle shop .
i eat here a lot before and after the movie .
great food .
great price .
worth everything you pay here .
their egg rolls are really good as well .
worth the try if you live in the area !
the pho was very good .
otherwise , it is good .
i would recommend this place .
best pho soup in the valley !
amazing little mom and pop shop !
great little place to grab lunch or pho to go !
definitely a place we go to weekly .
delicious .
i have found my new home !
this is the best place i have had pho since living in central california !
very happy customer !
it is absolutely amazing !
it 's a great place to go on a nice day and sit outside .
the portions are huge for a great price !
i highly recommend trying this place !
portion size is beyond generous -- typically at least two meals .
_num_ & _num_ dishes are very flavorful and light .
highly recommend a visit .
the service is friendly , and quick .
they are wonderful .
whether it 's served with rice or on vermicelli , it 's a win !
the pork chop is very good , and so is the bbq pork entree .
no , but , the best in scottsdale so far !
stopped here for lunch on a whim and it was delicious !
we had a great beef pho .
we sat outside and enjoyed a great meal .
i really enjoy eating here !
have the delicious chicken pho and taro bubble tea !
best chicken pho in scottsdale in my opinion .
worth the wait during lunch or dinner .
good food all around .
give them a try you 'll love them .
excellent , really great place .
always people inside which i take as a good sign .
friendly staff and fresh tasting food .
the pho is great and i love t he spring rolls .
will definitely be back .
a lunch staple , always good !
great food , delicious service , personal feel .
fresh clean flavors and incredibly fast service .
this place is incredible !
great prices and nice and quite .
if you are in the area i would more than recommend this restaurant .
the staff are also very helpful and always willing to explain the different dishes .
huge portions as well !
the soup just hits the spot !
highly recommended .
delicious pho and amazing bubble tea served promptly with kindness .
this is an excellent option for lighter vietnamese fare .
so yummy !
a lot of solid flavors .
fast service great food.
very fresh very good.
best soup if your sick !
always consistent , and flavorful !
and the spring rolls are always fresh !
great place an inexpensive and tasty lunch ... .
i 've been there many times and it 's always excellent !
nice size and full of fresh greens and enough tofu .
found this little gem with an entertainment book coupon ... it was great !
the egg rolls were excellent too .
my mom had the number _num_ with grilled beef and it was amazing too .
we will definitely be back , thank you for a great meal !
good food , great services , good people !
definitely give it a try !
pho , bun , rice !
it is a very cute environment with gorgeous tables .
it 's a neat place to go if you want an adventure .
i recommend going !
awesome food every time .
you can taste the difference in the quality of ingredients .
this is our go-to place at least twice a month .
my husband loves the pork chops and i love the pho tea lite special .
the food is prepared fresh and you never have to wait .
highly recommend .
the spring rolls at tea light cafe are delicate and prepared to perfection .
the combination of rice , side salad and pork chops is a good one .
and surprisingly they are generous with the portion .
me like it !
excellent food for a reasonable price !
a well deserved _num_ star .
pho did not blow me away but it was pretty good .
thank you !
very flavorful and lots of fresh ingredients .
was a great lunch .
i love the peanut dipping sauce !
fantastic food !
i got the vegetarian pho with tofu .
incredible food and incredible people .
great pho , great service , everyone is always smiling !
great pho and the bun is super good also .
a great option for a healthy quick meal out .
give it a try !
excellent little place in north scottsdale to get pho !
besides that , everything else was perfect !
the staff is very friendly and the atmosphere clean .
would highly recommend !
best vietnamese food around here .
flavor is fantastic !
the food is fresh and flavor is on point .
service is great and meats are high quality .
i will for sure be back soon !
love this place !
great food , good prices and excellent service !
i love this place !
the food is fresh and the dipping sauces are great !
however , what they do have , it 's really good .
i love this place !
highly recommended !
it was all very efficient .
i am a big fan of this place .
it small , cheap , fast and the food is delicious .
the service is always good and friendly .
fresh and delicious and a great go-to nearby .
we 've eaten there 4-6 times and it 's always a delight .
great flavors , fresh , not overly oily and quick too !
good popcorn .
lots of screens gives you lots of options and times .
other theaters are more than adequate for watching end enjoying any movie .
great theatre !
i am sure that improved employee moral .
this theatre has a fun atmosphere to go see a movie at .
always friendly staff and clean bathrooms is always a plus !
however it is a great experience and it is very historic .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
enjoy your show !
this is our favorite spot to catch a movie .
harkins has good seats and always has the movies we want to see !
this is one of the nicest theaters i have ever been to .
overall it 's a great theatre !
i enjoy this movie theatre .
great theatre .
cleaner than most .
overall and enjoyable experience .
they keep it very clean .
was a nice theater .
nice seats .
good prices .
all in all a good experience .
this is our favorite place to catch a movie !
overall great !
all of them seem to be very well run .
it 's great !
enjoy !
my husband and i love going to the movies !
the staff is always polite , helpful , and witty - making it fun !
my favorite theater and favorite location forever and always .
they have the best candy .
what a great way to run a business .
while harkins is my favorite movie theater chains .
it is always fun waiting a new movie at harkins .
most of the time i come here with my family .
i just love this theater group .
always great theaters .
always clean .
the stuff are very friendly .
and the best loyalty program of all .
they are very nice and friendly , and well organized .
restrooms are clean and concessions staff are fast and friendly .
this theater is always clean and has friendly staffs .
the consistency of going makes it better .
always enough seats .
& always bring your own candy !
the theater was clean and the movie played without a hitch !
good theater location within a good shopping plaza / restaurant area .
i love this place .
thank you so making us movie lovers the best experience ever !
best venue to watch a movie in the valley .
love this harkins !
we really enjoyed ourselves !
the best place to watch a movie in town .
there is plenty of parking and the area is growing and safe .
their popcorn is fresh and is popped right in front of you .
solid movie theater and closest one to home .
lots of places nearby to shop and eat at .
decent enough movie theater .
i 've enjoyed this movie theater every time i 've visited .
it 's always been really clean inside and the employees have always been friendly .
clean and well kept .
their cashiers are friendly enough .
i also think it is very cool that they offer the loyalty cup .
it 's a decent movie theater with good seats .
bring your own candy and enjoy the show .
the theatre is always clean and staff is very accommodating .
summer movie program is the best around .
staff is always very courteous .
seats in the theatre are comfy .
i always recommend this theatre and consider it my `` home '' theatre .
one of the best movie theaters .
its relatively new , so its modern and kept clean .
for the most part they are friendly , and the theatre 's are clean !
they allow you to refill your large popcorn and they have loyalty cups !
i really love harkins theaters .
they are always very clean & well maintained .
the popcorn is great & the soda always refreshing .
this is our go to theater for sure !
fortunately , it was a beautiful night , so we enjoyed the stroll .
staff is always friendly .
clean , well managed and first rate .
i have never been to a theatre so well managed .
i 've seen so many good movies here .
really clean facilities .
good acoustics .
this one is clean and the employees are friendly .
there is also a small arcade to keep kids entertained if you 're early .
nice theater !
got our tickets , got our seats , and enjoyed the movie .
great service , quality and experience every time .
i have so many great memories with friends here .
it is always a great escape and experience .
they take good care of you here !
thumbs up !
go here to get it right the first time .
kevin in one word : rocks !
no one loves their job more than him .
these guys are a class act .
great experience .
bravo kevin !
i obviously highly recommend them .
highly recommend porsche n scottsdale !
the car is even more beautiful when she got here .
the best customer service ever !
absolutely the coolest salesman ever !
thank you val !
great customer service !
had a great experience with steve schwartz .
a lot of time and knowledge is given to you with steve .
it was a great first experience buying a car here .
highly recommended !
an outstanding porsche dealership .
very responsive and honest service department .
deep inventory .
enjoy .
he was very knowledgeable and helpful !
he was honest and very friendly .
pleased !
the service here is superb .
i highly recommend this dealership and their service department .
the entire staff are seasoned professionals that provide outstanding service .
they have my highest recommendation .
i would recommend kevin and this porsche dealership for any future customer .
porsche north scottsdale is a pleasant exception from the norm .
amazing inventory , knowledgeable staff , and a spectacular dealership experience .
i had such a good experience i was almost sad to leave .
kevin was n't pushy at all and knew absolutely everything about the car .
had another great experience dealing with mark at porsche north scottsdale .
the purchase went very smoothly and i was very pleased .
overall a very pleasant buying experience .
service department refreshingly professional .
car done right and on-time .
what a great experience and i 'm already looking forward to the next one !
he did a great job and i never felt any pressure .
highly recommend .
absolutely love audi north scottsdale !
the service department is also a great team .
jason & jill are the best !
bottled water would be nice thought , you can get that at right honda .
wow .
this dealership rocks !
awesome thanks dave !
they did such an amazing job with my car .
customer service was the best i have ever encountered !
i bought my car here .
love the car !
knowledgeable , friendly and not slimy like acura of peoria .
it was a refreshing experience .
if the car suits you , this dealership would be a fine choice .
jason brown is now our advisor and he rocks !
a genuinely polite , intelligent , and professional person .
brian and nancy fantastic - knowledgeable , professional , and thorough .
keep up the good work guys !
one very happy customer here .
it was a saturday afternoon and this place was packed !
i would definitely recommend audi north scottsdale !
we were approached by todd and he was great !
the financing department was extremely patient with all of my questions and very helpful .
absolutely love the service at audi north scottsdale !
i own my 2nd audi and highly recommend .
my service consultant , jason brown , is the best !
the car itself has been really good , it drives great .
also , big thanks to jaime , he really knows what he is doing !
i even got a follow up call and email .
thanks yelp and audi !
great customer service and beautiful complex .
dennis in finance is extremely professional and goes over options with precision and ease .
great experience , many shops can find something that needs attention .
nice touch to an overall great experience .
we recently purchased a used car from audi north scottsdale .
if your looking for a low pressure sales experience then i highly recommend paul .
thank you !
al is by far the best service rep i have ever worked with .
over all great experience !
i highly recommend you go see david if you are looking for and audi !
awesome from the service team to the sales team !
service is great at this dealership !
thank you for listening !
i 'll be back and i 'll tell my friends .
i had a wonderful service experience at audi north scottsdale .
i will definitely recommend the service at audi north scottsdale to all .
thank you jeff !
he seems very passionate about his profession and it shows .
thanks !
we had such a great experience here .
paige was our salesperson and she was so kind and helpful .
thank you so much !
thank you penske for allowing your sales professionals to do the right thing !
perfect experience with my salesman brian and his manager bill .
the staff was friendly and professional .
very happy with my car and with audi of north scottsdale .
worked with david silver , who was very professional , friendly , and competent .
we just received the car which was in perfect condition .
would recommend this dealership to anyone .
i highly recommend audi n scottsdale .
extremely professional and accommodating staff !
the process was smooth and he handled everything for us .
i feel we received a great deal and love the vehicle , thank you !
the best car buying experience ever !
the fastest car buying experience ever and the best one !
definitely recommend you guys to see jerry or adam .
can you give them more stars ?
what a beautiful facility .
i enjoyed my vehicle purchase experience .
thanks for all your help !
thanks guys .
great service !
they both own audi 's and are passionate about the audi brand .
and they did it !
jason and the team rocked it .
thank you .
you gave me peace of mind for the rest of my trip .
many thanks to him !
i will certainly refer friends to audi and john .
thank you jerry for all your hard work !
you guys rock keep up the great work .
they are great !
great experience for me .
goes out of there way to make you happy .
always a pleasure .
excellent .
professional and helpful .
happy to refer my friend .
the salesman was excellent and the test drive on the vehicle sold us .
we will buy our next car here as well .
the whole experience was very relaxed and non stressful .
we 'll definitely buy our next vehicle from these guys .
thank you , mel , for turning a bad situation right around .
your class & style redeemed this service department once again today .
great service .
great .
thank you , steven , for putting me in my dream ride .
don always delivers outstanding service and has always meet my needs .
thank you .
thank you mel for your hard work and great job building a loyal clientele .
service advisor mel , has once again provided exceptional and thorough customer service .
mel is a class act .
got to love a qualified and courteous service team !
all good - keep giving these guys a shot !
thanks guys i appreciate everything you have done .
wonderful !
absolutely the best car buying experience i have ever had .
always a happy and fair experience dealing with them .
`` mine was truly a great sales experience , dare i say even enjoyable .
both were available , very friendly , and incredibly professional .
i would recommend these two and the dealership to everyone ! ''
thanks jack !
love even walking in here .
such a cool place , and the service experience is unmatched .
`` service is always beyond comparison !
so happy with mel as my service advisor !
he is very informative and considerate .
would recommend anyone to this dealership ! ''
thank you ! ''
he is just the most amazing guy to work with !
he is a true professional .
well done ! ''
above & beyond service .
staff is pretty awesome really !
jason in sales does an outstanding job .
gm bobby is the best !
thank you .
they are gorgeous .
excellent color matching don !
thank you mel for your superb customer service .
`` mel is fabulous .
this is a great dealership .
he is very warm , welcoming and creates a personal relationship .
his professionalism , understanding , willingness to help customers makes him a super star !
well done !
they save their customers precious time and energy .
i was extremely impressed !
very impressed with the front desk ladies as well !
thank you again !
i bought my discovery sport here last year .
the work was done in a timely manner and to my satisfaction .
my service advisor mel charles is the best !
i would recommend mr. charles to anyone without hesitation .
pretty awesome race cars on display .
the best part is its free to visit and well worth the visit .
wow .
there is even a cafe to eat a light breakfast and lunch .
cool cars , chill atmosphere .
awesome display of winning race cars and penske racing memorabilia .
if you love cars this is the place .
great small museum .
brought my kid along and he loved it .
it will bring out the kid in you .
the building itself is very cool too .
and no one even knows it 's here !
if you know your racing , this place is for you .
i 'll be back with my nephew !
check it out !
great place to visit , free admission , epic cars .
i came to visit with the family .
interesting facts on each of the cars .
i would recommend to any racing fan .
just a really neat place to visit .
has a great cafe .
cars are amazing .
just a work of art from every angle .
has a two story tall all glass front .
great presentation of cars , all spotless of course .
that is sooooo cool about this store .
the cashier was quick and very friendly .
mayo & scottsdale is a lot larger than the others .
great selection of stuff and decent prices .
i 'm sure i 'll be back again and again .
love that is clean and stocked well .
staff is very nice and helpful .
i am a loyal customer for these reasons .
thank you julia for being so great !
i always have a great experience every time i come into this store .
all staff members are very welcoming and helpful .
great staff and great service .
i feel they do an excellent job .
best pest control company i 've ever used .
excellent service .
the gentleman that comes to my house is always punctual , knowledgeable and professional .
this subway is very clean and the staff is great .
it 's in a large shopping plaza and there 's tons of parking .
the lady in the drive-thru knows me and is super friendly !
they are always fast !
more often it 's done perfectly !
and with the new remodel , it looks great !
you know you love it .
great values .
my best friend 's son knocked over her fries .
i wish i had gotten his name , but thank you for caring .
they always have a great selection , and good size runs .
very nice nike outlet .
great spot for your nike fix .
they got a great selection of shoes , tees , & accessories .
they have great pairs of shoes at discounted prices .
nice selection here , wish it was closer to scottsdale .
well worth the trip to anthem from glendale .
great service to .
this place is great .
the best friday all you can eat fish i know of .
the fish is consistant and good .
the service is great .
it might be the best i have ever had .
he is excellent !
best breakfast burrito ever !
good food and plenty of it .
for the most part , waitresses are kind and attentive .
by far the best asian food in the area !
great little restaurant just off of anthem way .
fresh crispy vegetables and well seasoned meat dishes and great sauces .
you can also order the spicy entrees as hot or mild as you like .
i highly recommend this one .
best chinese food in the northwest valley .
a friend recommended this place , and i was pleasantly surprised .
better than any other chinese food i 've had since moving to arizona .
pretty good chinese food !
great lunch specials , the food is fresh !
great local place that we eat at regularly ( usually take-out ) .
every meal was huge and excellent .
pretty good chinese food !
but is really good .
any dishes i order here are excellent and provide for plenty of leftovers !
wonderful place for a delicious dinner .
both dishes came with brown rice .
they were freshly prepared , hot , and delicious .
service was excellent , food out shortly after we received our drinks .
everything i tried was great !
my favorite chinese spot in the north valley .
great food , fast service .
the hot and sour soup is the best i 've had .
i go back again and again and it does n't disappoint .
we love the food here.
and the service is always great !
to go or eat in - they are all good !
i love their food .
all of my experiences dining in has been great .
the food has always been consistent , fast and delicious .
good service , friendly servers .
located in anthem , it is well worth the drive .
best won ton soup i have ever had .
full bar , nice atmosphere .
thoroughly enjoyed the perfect savory flavors of the spicy shanghai chicken over brown rice .
good and consistent service .
good prices .
fantastic savory flavors in the dishes we 've tried so far .
generous portions .
even their brown rice is good .
got ta go back to try more dishes !
we absolutely love shanghai club .
i love the chow fun or the chow mein with crispy noodles .
i 'm sure we will continue to go there for years to come .
one of the best chinese restaurants around .
we 've got quite a `` gem '' here in anthem with this establishment .
teriyaki chicken dinner is enough for _num_ people and is very tasty !
the service is fast also !
their crab puffs are amazing , along with their egg rolls .
i typically order their sizzling rice soup .
its filling and very light for chinese food .
and i 'd respond with something like `` very good .
the service was great , and the ambiance inside is nice as well .
i also love their pork lo mein . ''
great ambience with quick efficient service !
the noodles was so tasty and deliciously satisfying !
best chinese place everywhere !
we have become regulars here , and the food is always consistently good .
really , our favorite chinese place regardless of location .
great food .
the sauted green beans are simply fantastic .
this place has pretty good chinese food ( especially for anthem , too ) .
their lunch specials are definitely worth it and are what keep me coming back .
still , the service is decent .
the food is always great here and the service is n't bad either .
the food has been excellent every time .
we 've had a wide array of dishes and they 've always been tasty .
service is quick and drink glasses are kept full .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
fast service - i come here for the lunch specials .
we enjoyed this restaurant !
clean , stylish , and good food .
i think it is the best chinese food easily !
amazing take out and lunch specials are awesome .
i have literally had about everything in the menu and i love everything !
this is my family and i favorite chinese by far !
i 'm obsessed with this place since we moved to anthem .
i probably eat here at least once a week .
i also love their mongolian beef .
best most consistent restaurant in anthem .
as for the food it is outstanding .
the service is great and the food is very good .
the egg drop soup is highly recommended !
i moved to new river late last summer .
those are two of the best haircuts i 've ever received !
i highly recommend this salon and patty in particular .
plus it was the cheapest haircut i have ever received !
i recommend this location and will use for any moving needs i have .
this place has truly turned it around .
they are friendlier and really want to help .
this place is great .
i walked away extremely happy .
the salon is clean , relaxing , and very customer oriented .
the things this woman can do with a head of hair is amazing .
best place to get your nails done !
happy to go here for my hair .
great job .
thank you .
i am new to the area and am so happy i found this salon !
restaurant recommendations , neighborhood tips , he was just wonderful .
and the gel manicure is beautiful !
search no further , tru colors will take great care of you !
good size store that is clean with friendly staff that are helpful .
also good selection of items on sale from there already good prices .
recommend to anyone looking for polo gear for a good price .
can find some good prices here .
great selection of stores !
for an outlet mall , its fine .
well , that all has changed !
i 've never seen my husband so happy shopping !
we definitely walked away with some great stuff at great prices !
the outlet center is a great place to find good buys !
they 're clean !
not bad !
decent selection of stores , clean bathrooms , food court , and covered parking !
my son loves the splash pad !
i love the outlets at anthem !
they have a good variety of stores and prices are decent !
i just visited the coach outlet and was very happy they have one here !
the return was easy and painless , which was nice !
thanks coach !
decent outlet .
very children friendly with water fountain and train rides .
i liked that it had covered parking and the bathrooms were clean .
a really nice outlet mall and the bathrooms are really clean .
the entire mall is very clean .
why ?
nice atmosphere .
they had a grand time spending ... .
the center is clean and well groomed .
pleasant weather & no people made the walking around a fun experience !
the store looked amazingly clean and well organized .
i had the best time shopping there christmas time .
thank you ralph lauren !
i will be a frequent shopper in your anthem store !
their restrooms have always been in excellent shape .
i love this place , we need more stores here !
easy to get to and many great stores .
great trip .
super nice employees .
even had a nice meal at charlie 's in the food court .
all malls need to take a look how beautiful the restrooms are .
nothing was extra special .
high quality .
helpful , friendly staff .
highly recommend .
can get some really good deals at this outlet mall .
the restrooms are fancy and clean !
very family friendly .
it is n't too busy which is great for families .
dog friendly a plus !
nice shopping experience .
the staff here is really friendly .
several employees seem very sincere and are always asking if they can help .
i still love safeway .
i guess i like it because i still feel they offer excellent customer service .
thanks and keep up the great work .
we always appreciate the friendly staff and consistent service .
the have a nice produce department and the meat counter is always helpful .
this is a huge + for us for last minute business trips .
always have a pleasant experience when i come in .
everyone has been pretty nice when i come in .
really good , reasonably priced pizza .
i love dominos since the change however long ago .
plus it is fast !
when three kids are `` starving '' its a great place to look .
well worth the $ _num_ .
dominos delivers everything you expect from them .
amazing delivery service .
they were fast and the pizzas were fresh and hot .
i love the new owners and the staff has improved from previous years .
all i can say is great job !
i use the online ordering and it 's great !
super fast and the pizza is always delicious !
great quality and very convenient and great pizza !
one of my favorites !
i highly recommend them for delivered pizza orders .
everything was perfect !
correct , tasty and hot !
the lady was super efficient , which i loved .
great job !
this company took care of my system fast and with very professional service .
their attention to detail and follow up during the transition was exceptional .
thanks justin for just taking care of all things insurance for me !
who referred , and continues to refer honest people for me to work with ?
he is smart , friendly , full of wisdom and great advice .
i would recommend justin and his team to anyone looking for insurance .
highly recommend !
great pizza .
employees are nice and they keep the place clean !
the food is delicious !
the restaurant is under new ownership and you can sure tell .
its clean , there are tvs and great staff .
the owner `` al '' is very friendly and is regularly at the restaurant .
best pizza for the price in az .
the staff is very friendly .
fantastic !
best pizza in anthem !
great thin crust pie !
the meat lovers pizza was very tasty .
service was friendly and quick .
love the pizza and wings .
sausage and pepperoni regular crust , hits the spot every time .
wings are good , cooked well , we like them kinda crispy .
service is friendly .
ray 's pizza is the best !
this is the best rays , do n't let the others fool you .
we will definitely be regulars .
very friendly people who work here .
they were so great with my kids !
definitely will be back .
such a great little shop .
always happy with the food , but the wings are my fav !
the staff is always in great spirits too !
this place is a regular go-to for our office .
best wings in town !
wonderful family-friendly place to have lunch or dinner .
will return for many years to come .
a great experience overall .
we highly recommend them !
excellent pricing , knowledgeable sales staff and great delivery experience !
very happy with our decision to buy there .
would definitely recommend to our friends and neighbors .
fantastic store !
great customer service and great prices .
highly recommend .
definitely recommend !
the price was very good for the quality .
his receptionist was extremely accommodating and got us in at the last minute .
his medical assistant was also extremely friendly and helpful .
i highly recommend this office .
i highly recommend him to anyone in need of his services !
thank you .
thank you .
much appreciated .
both , eddie & justin have been a great help .
thank you guys , keep up the good work !
thanks to all of you for doing a great job .
its employees like you that make a place amazing .
you have inspired us to pay it forward !
always there with a smile and they all know my order .
great place with great people .
the staff is friendly and the drinks are delicious .
i am always a satisfied customer !
i love the crew here !
very nice staff !
it certainly shows !
it will always be one of my favorite places to frequent .
ali is amazing !
does an amazing job .
fantastic to have a hardware store here again !
great people , great pricing and huge selection of items .
thank you !
it is great to have ace back .
the food and serve has always been good .
best dang pizza in az !
we love their monday madness deal !
our family favorite is the ham , and pineapple with the butter crust !
yum , yum , yum !
_num_ words ... flavored crust !
best pizza in anthem !
i will be coming back again !
i love this place !
this store makes me feel welcome & comfortable even though i am a novice .
he is treated warmly by all the owners and staff .
all the bartenders past and present are great .
excellent family owned restaurant .
they make everyone feel like a member of the family .
love their burgers !
it is my favorite place to eat .
we always get great food and service .
we take our little ones , and they love the cheese balls !
we all felt full and happy when we left !
place is clean , inviting and the food was good .
great philly steak sandwich and fries and i had a delicious cobb salad .
the new manager is upbeat and welcomes new ideas and feedback .
the restaurant was bright , clean , and inviting .
food was great .
the salad was perfectly dressed and all of the ingredients were fresh and delicious .
the staff was very friendly and competent as well .
staff is really friendly and the food came out super fast .
burger was cooked perfectly .
cool mix of families , couples , and single fans .
huge number of tvs so everyone could easily see the game .
clean place and the patrons were all nice people .
the entire staff was very pleasant and quick with friendly banter .
i would come back here in a heart beat .
the new staff and ownership is great !
awesome burgers !
the meat is so tasty !
the waitress was super nice and attentive !
love this place !
cold beer and an excellent twist on your normal bar foods .
excellent !
service was great !
fun and friendly laid back atmosphere .
i highly recommend this place .
the french onion soup is really nice , and i believe made in house .
nice atmosphere , the service leaves some to be desired .
for a sports bar , the food really does it here .
the happy hour was great .
leah is amazing !
the food is extremely good and so fresh totally great experience !
she 's friendly and great at her job .
love this place .
highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich .
my wife always gets a salad and it 's always loaded and amazing .
the pretzel appetizer rocks !
amazing !
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
great tanning salon !
a little pricey but totally worth it .
the beds are super hot , and you are brown after like two sessions .
amazing staff , and in a neat convenient area .
me and my boyfriend are there everyday !
the staff is very friendly and efficient .
the beds are awesome , very powerful and have built in fans .
highly recommended !
definitely much better produce and meat than going to super wal-mart !
great selection of cheeses .
i love albertsons .
this location has a starbucks inside which makes it even better .
love their pretzels !
made warm and fresh , great treat for the kids .
probably the best part of the anthem outlets food court .
pretty friendly and efficient workers .
the mini pretzel dogs are the best !
friendly workers .
speedy service .
good gas station location .
good prices , especially since they started taking safeway points for fuel discounts .
this place is always clean and well kept .
so far so good .
he is awesome .
it is so nice to have a friendly person come out to your house .
they are most attentive and keep excellent records of each customer 's particular needs .
he is easy to talk to and listens .
seriously one of the best pizza places i 've found in the valley .
highly recommended .
i love this side pizza joint .
great food .
the pizza here is the best in town .
staff was cool too .
you will love it .
the sauce , the crust , the cheese ... all of it is perfect .
the cheesesteak is the best i 've ever had .
still great !
one of the best ny pizza places in town .
the price , fine with me .
great pizza place in the area ... was in town for business .
great tasting and service was great .
they also sell pizza by the slice as well .
the price is awesome and the service is great .
nice people helped us at our table even though they just have counter service .
great for kids after their saturday games !
if we ever find ourselves out there again we will definitely grab a slice !
the provolone , pastrami on rye was excellent !
great family local spot .
the gentleman at the counter was really helpful and service was great .
best ny pizza spot in az !
typically grab a whole pie just cheese since the flavor is incredible .
also is tasty .
salads are simple and wings are better than native new yorker 's .
we had an amazing pizza , perfectly cooked , and delicious !
fantastic !
you 'll see me here with the family .
my wife really enjoys their wings as well .
great flavor and texture .
pizza is pretty good but it 's kind of overpriced for what you get .
best pizza in town !
it is the best new york style pizza in the valley !
i also recommend the meatball sub .
i love the traditional ny style pizza .
still one of our favorite pizza places when we are in the area .
great customer service .
it 's clean and looks the same as it always did .
great ny style pizza , it 's a fav !
great little place , authentic ny style pizza .
our server was very friendly and attentive .
amazing pizza .
one of the best we 've had around here !
this place is super awesome .
are amazing .
food comes up relatively quickly and the employees are nice .
the pizza was delicious and their wings were very tasty .
some of the best pizza in town .
actually , anywhere i 've tried !
my new favorite to get a slice and a cold one !
the service is great , decor is my home away from home .
great pie !
always the right amount of cheese and sauce .
flavor is awesome !
this is as close to perfect as it gets in az .
now that 's friggin service right there !
keep it up boys !
best white pizza in town !
clean tables and friendly servers .
they are huge baseball fans .
the staff is friendly and personable .
everything we ordered was delicious !
this place was great .
she does a great job .
thanks for the prompt service and reasonable prices !
i have been here several times , it is close to my work .
they provided excellent customer service , and were both quick and friendly .
inside waiting area was very clean and smelled nice too .
the gentlemen that helped me were polite and efficient .
thanks again guys .
i will definitely return !
great experience .
good job jiffy lube .
the guys that work here are super helpful .
these guys were really great when we dropped by today !
above and beyond guys !
they have a new customer !
the store has moved .
both ladies were very knowledgeable and very friendly .
friendly customer service from both misty and charles .
always easy to get a appointment .
front office help is excellent .
awesome job , keep up the good work .
wow .
great food .
the chicken tikka masala is the best and the saag paneer is awesome too .
great food .
eat here a lot .
the vegetarian dishes are tasty .
have had them screw up pickup orders so i prefer to eat there .
so much good food and they are cooked so well .
they also got a good collection of salads and veg dishes .
i love this place .
the service was great .
it was quick and tasty .
the food was excellent , service was also very good .
_num_ were very good and one set my mouth on fire .
fragrant , spicy , delicious !
the buffet has a nice selection , food is hot and is affordable .
every dish i have ever had here has been amazing .
fragrant , spicy , full of flavor .
as stated before , the service is excellent .
the staff was very friendly and assisted us with our selection .
we look forward to our next visit !
every single thing we had was delicious and seemed very fresh .
highly recommended .
always great wings .
staff is friendly drinks a plenty .
overall a great time and great food .
great service and the suicide wings are delicious !
great karaoke host .
good food , friendly staff .
good drink specials too .
good peeps .
the food and drinks where great .
the waiter was friendly and helpful .
i have had fast service each visit and the food is good .
every night the bar has some special .
great for watching football .
great wings .
great service .
love the atmosphere .
definitely recommend this location .
and the staff is amazing every time i go .
pizza is also a winner .
some of the best wings in town , honey hot is my favorite here .
_num_ new sauces and they are good !
staff is always friendly .
love coming here !
manager was nice enough to take it off .
we were very happy with our service .
wings and pizza were both really good !
i love the renovations they did !
it looks great .
talk about service with a smile !
great boneless wings with perfect seasoning .
really , great turn around and thanks for a nice evening .
she rocks !
the food is always hot & delicious !
the atmosphere is upbeat and fun .
so glad they are open again .
or more to have a good time after a long day .
the staff is great and we enjoy a variety of foods .
she was amazing and very accommodating to me and my service dog .
very polite and easy going .
erica the manager was great .
i had there boneless wings , the best dinner i ever had .
asiago parmesan flavor , delicious .
i love this place , all the people are great !
beer is always cold and great drink specials .
never had a bad meal ... the new larger wings are fantastic !
tip .
the service was alright , but the food was fantastic .
woohoo - i did it !
i ca n't say enough about this very good man and very great dr .
i love my nursing program !
it is the best .
the mesa community college fashion design program is a hidden gem .
also , the creative writing program is good , too .
the teaching staff that i have encountered are remarkable .
the campus is clean , easily accessible , and close to good eateries .
me , that 's who and maybe you , .
great organization , always friendly stuff .
i absolutely love this school .
great education , great campus , great teachers .
i go there for their humidor and the great selection of cigars .
the staff is great and the shop is funky .
the taste of pho ( beef noodle soup ) is authentic and delicious .
# _num_ = amazing .
the thai tea is also amazing !
love this place .
but all-in-all , this place has good food and good prices .
one of the best vietnamese restaurants , in our opinion .
quality bowl of pho !
the soup is a tad bite sweet but still darn good .
anyways , service was great .
ok ; we were there again yesterday for lunch .
as usual , everything was good and the prices are still `` right '' .
more people should give it a try !
it is our favorite vietnamese restaurant .
never disappoints and we really love the spring rolls .
i love this place , they have new owners now .
go on the weekend when the service is the best !
had dinner here last night and it has gotten better !
everything was super fresh and yummy !
the food is totally authentic and reminds me of my travels in asia .
the bbq is also really good !
this is our family go to place for pho .
it 's very good .
other dishes are also very good .
the best we have found in the area .
the food is always amazing and fresh , the owners are super friendly .
oh yeah , and the spring rolls are killer .
owner moved back to cali .
plus , he has a good sense of humor .
new attendant marcus was friendly and helpful .
marcus and his assistant are very helpful and keep the place very clean .
since marcus has been here , everything is so much better .
thanks !
even the kids are pretty well behaved .
by far the best laundry mat i have been to !
they have a true `` home again '' vibe .
they both express great customer service skills .
i 'm loving this place .
it 's air conditioned and super clean .
totally will be back here !
great job to who ever owns this place .
you should definitely check it out if you live in the area !
absolutely love this place !
highly recommend this place !
they make it fun and personally rewarding .
this is true mind , body and soul work .
this place is amazing !
went by the other day and it is closed .
service was efficient and young lady was polite too .
i 've love down the street from this sonic .
the service has always been good and the food quality is great .
they are really accomodating here as well .
for authentic exceptional japanese cuisine , this is a great place .
plan to make this a regular spot .
this is a great place to eat .
everything is fresh and flavorful , with very reasonable prices .
this place is soooo good .
food is great , but the price is even better .
great food !
great prices !
another a+ mom and pop place , the owners are so cute !
the price is good too .
went there today with the whole family .
yummy , yummy !
the service i experienced today was a mixture of patience and courtesy .
the best rice bowl restaurant i have ever been to !
great alternative to traditional fast food .
this place is true authentic teriyaki japanese food .
they keep the windows blinds open , so its really warm near the windows .
it 's local , convenient , delicious , and affordable japanese food .
the salad and soup were especially enjoyable .
the menu is diverse and has a lot to choose from .
the best crab puffs , hands down .
peter the owner is so nice .
always good service and good food .
plus the owners are always nice .
great quick food !
family is always there making great food .
the food was just great .
everything was just amazing .
great place .
food was delicious .
good food .
nice lady at the counter .
decent environment .
i love this place .
great food at a great price .
the staff is so friendly .
love the atmosphere as well !
this was the best !
food and service- very very clean and nicest people ever .
great quality of chicken and large portions when you get the box !
i love this place .
food is good , portions are right on and the pricing is n't bad .
the staff is always friendly and makes my order really quickly .
the food was great .
this place is a little hidden gem !
i felt at home and the lady working at the register was very nice .
very green , very cool with pretty fountains and relaxing music abound .
i love the food here and that it 's served hot .
this place is really great !
its like a hidden treasure .
their teriyaki chicken is perfection .
this place is awesome !
great food and perfect atmosphere .
very relaxing !
fresh and wholesome food .
good value .
decent price .
it 's a hidden gem .
i love how the employees are so nice and keep the place so clean .
anyways , this is such a great spot for lunch and quick bites !
love this place !
the bento box is a great price for what you get .
great ppl working there that are friendly and helpful .
the best quick service japanese food anywhere !
very friendly staff , which keeps us coming back as well .
family owned restaurant and they are all very kind and helpful .
one of my favorite places to get japanese food at !
definitely recommend their teriyaki chicken , it 's my favorite thing on the menu .
+ the place has really a really great atmosphere and such good vibes !
love it .
best asian food in the area .
i love how it is right by my house !
their teriyaki sauce is my favorite , just perfect .
great asian restaurant for vegetarians as well .
and the workers are always very nice !
love this place !
this place is great to have lunch , etc .
the food is amazing .
this place is one of my favorite local restaurants in chandler .
they have a large menu and everything is authentic and delicious .
love this place , friendly and nice people work and own this place .
inside is always clean and picked up !
the chicken was tender and full of that teriyaki flavor .
the restaurant on the inside is clean with lots of plants around .
service is friendly .
great job ... .
nice and personable as well .
you 'll be happy if you use this company .
we are blown away with how amazing our carpets look !
it 's banner , so ... yeah .
best cafeteria out of all the hospitals in the valley .
great hospital .
so much better than shea !
every person who worked there treated my family and i with professionalism and respect .
the nurse to patient ratio seemed really good .
when i have surgery , i know i will be in good hands .
everyone here has treated me excellent .
the care he received was incredible .
i truly appreciate the staff and every doctor we met .
excellent care .
always cheerful , kind , warm , gentle hands and hearts and good ear .
had the best nurses and medical team there .
the service was great and the food was even better !
they helped my friend out so much !
nothing but a pleasant experience here .
taken right back and treated wonderfully by all the nurses and doctors .
the recovery room had a bathroom and both were nice and clean .
nurses checked in often and took good care of me .
i had a wonderful experience there .
everyone was friendly and so helpful .
i love their food .
very pleasant to talk too .
food was great and so was dessert !
solid hospital .
in fact , the food is pretty good now .
everyone was very nice to us .
they also had a nice cafeteria with lots of choices and fair prices .
overall though great experience & will go to banner desert medical in the future .
they were all amazing !
i love this hospital .
the nurses are the best and the facility is so clean .
i had an amazing experience at banner desert for the birth of my son .
the labor and delivery unit and rooms were very nice and spacious .
i felt that my son and i were in good hands .
the labor and delivery section is amazing !
overall , great staff that makes you feel right at home .
thank you so much !
went to arizona bridal , they were fantastic !
the sales person was very friendly and accommodating !
found a wonderful gown for a great price !
great place to go for a dress !
i love this store .
i have never received such lovely service in my life .
i recommended this store to a handful of people already !
it 's a place of business .
the staff has been a great to work with .
excellent results !
i highly recommend this place .
dr. laura d is absolutely amazing .
not only is she very friendly and informative , but an excellent dermatologist .
my boyfriend absolutely got me hooked on the shrimp tacos !
hope you can enjoy too !
great little place !
even the iced tea is good .
best mexican food ever !
shrimp cocktail is authentically amazing , with amazing service !
this place is clean , friendly and very inviting .
the shrimp taco is superb and probably my favorite .
the food is great !
the pricing is exceptionally reasonable .
great street tacos .
excellent , fast location .
these guys are great and burgers always good .
solid , reliable good taste and great value for your money .
that show great customer service skills .
thanks for a great burger as always .
the employees are always very nice , too .
but their malts are delicious without breaking the bank .
no hesitation and did it all with a great attitude .
food is amazing as always .
love the prices .
all employees have great customer service !
service was great and the food came out hot and cooked just right !
they have spicy ketchup and regular ketchup .
great burgers , with several different choices to top your burger .
wow it was good and spicy .
i loved that they had both regular ketchup and spicy ketchup .
i will definitely come back here anytime im in the area .
pretty good place .
also the chicken tenders with gravy is really good .
they were very nice and professional about it too .
great service !
i came in one morning and i love the biscuits and grey .
amazing .
customer service was great every friendly staff .
dobson ranch offers one of the best values in town .
they were genuinely working to accommodate everyone .
friday night fish fry is awesome !
great place !
small quiet library next to a park .
this public library was wonderful when i visited last week .
not to mention the location is great .
two thumbs way up .
love this library .
the kids section is great .
my son loves it .
he helped me pick out cigars that were in my price and flavor range .
check it out !
this place is a pipe lovers dream .
they have a huge cigar humidor as well .
they were most helpful and had some very nice pipes and pipe tobacco .
they have a beautiful cigar lounge on site which is roomy and well appointed .
great tailor .
they get it right every time !
i was shocked on how perfect the alteration was done .
great turn around on service .
same day dress hem for prom .
they were so sweet and we 're done in less than two hours .
highly recommended !
$ _num_ for a hair cut and well done !
win win !
these asian ladies are good and you do n't have to wait long .
good deal !
thank you for the haircut !
granite computer solutions provides affordable , comprehensive and fast service .
i love the new office in tempe .
wonderful speedy service .
chris and his team are true professionals .
thanks again !
love it !
i love cheba hut !
i love this place .
just bring it home to them .
also , the potato salad is fantastic !
the subs are fresh and stuffed with everything you want .
it definitely is an adult friendly place , leave your brats in the trunk .
the subs are amazing .
basically their version of an italian but soo damn good !
cheba hut kicks ass for many reasons but most important is the sandwiches .
everything is delicious .
the decor and ambiance was quite interesting .
the employees are awesome and the owners are super friendly so enjoy .
now i return simply for the amazing sandwiches .
the entire menu is great .
everything is fresh .
great staff .
great music .
all in all , amazing sandwiches in a relaxing , friendly atmosphere .
i just love the theme of the place .
good food and friendly service is what you will find here .
cool joint .
bonus to some of the cute , white guys working there .
tasty baked subs !
this place has a great vibe too !
it was a good sandwich !
dude , this place is seriously good .
best subs in the valley , period .
friendly staff , consistent quality , and i love 'em toasted !
the theme is awesome , and the staff is super friendly and fun .
i had the grape tea to drink and was really impressed .
the sandwich 's here are amazing !
awesome !
friendly staff , they serve tang & kool aid , got ta love it !
great things come to those who wait .
best subs in town .
i absolutely hate toasted subs .
the sandwich was basically the best thing i 'd eaten my entire trip .
the staff are nice and friendly , and the food is amazing .
i love cheba hut !
beyond crave worthy .
something about the garlic bread , pickles , and `` special herbs . ''
turns out , it is really and surprisingly good !
it was really spicy and tasty .
excellent subs .
younger atmosphere good friendly service .
the best sandwiches i have ever had .
this is fun , relaxing place to have a toasted sub .
great sandwiches !
great desserts !
great price !
i love cheba hut !
order twice in the past two weeks and i completely loved it !
the girl that answers the phone is awesome .
very positive vibe !
bread is fresh and veggies do not over load the sandwich .
great sandwiches !
i love this place !
yummm !
love this place .
the people are friendly , and the sandwiches are amazing .
the second we walked in , i immediately loved the atmosphere .
there 's something about the bread that brings everything together .
keep up the good work !
fun atmosphere , friendly staff , and tasty toasted subs .
they made it fresh and to order .
good eats , ca n't go wrong !
the staff are very friendly and always smiling .
give them a try , you 'll love it !
the food is here is awesome and the service is decent .
i love the concept and the dude has a great thing going .
my favorite is a combo sandwich called the jamaican white widow .
best subs around period .
it 's amazing .
love this place !
my personal favorite is the white widow .
their meat and dressings are prepared fresh daily .
great food and employees .
i love eating here !
cheba hut has my favorite sandwiches in the valley .
best sandwich place ever !
jamaican red is my personal favorite .
this place is awesome !
its clean , and everything taste amazing !
you got ta try the white widow !
i love this place !
the white widow is amazing !
the staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is fun and unique .
cheba hut makes great tasting sandwiches .
service was fast , friendly and everything was so much fun .
hilarious !
one of my favorite sandwich places .
sandwiches are always delicious .
so incredibly delicious !
the workers are definitely cool and very welcoming !
this is definitely my new fav sandwich spot !
thanks !
cheba hut is so good .
it 's a lot of food for a good price .
really tasty .
great atmosphere , very chill and fun .
it was a good meal and service was great !
by far , this is the best sandwich place in town .
it starts with the bread , and here it is perfect .
the meats are all excellent quality .
the staff is way great as well .
love this place !
great place !
great sandwiches .
great food .
fair price .
excellent ambiance .
good sandwiches , strong _num_ vibe .
delicious sandwiches , cute boys , and kool-aid .
this shop has some of the best sandwiches i 've ever had .
they deliver !
great sandwiches always fresh and they have munchies for your sweet tooth .
highly recommend no pun intended .
still the best cheba in the area !
everyone is extremely friendly and laid back ( gee , i wonder ) .
best sandwich in the valley by far .
i have had most of the menu selections and they are all great .
love cheba , always friendly and the food is amazing !
best sandwich place ever !
they have great late night hours .
they have great customer service and are very knowledgeable .
highly recommended !
: p thanks for the great experience cheba hut !
best sandwhich i 've had .
this was my first time here , and it was good .
super chill environment with great variety of sandwiches .
employees seem to be all nice and friendly .
service is fast and excellent , the food is amazing !
just a lovely laid back place .
the food is excellent .
the bread was soft and flaky and the ingredients tasted fresh .
the staff was totally cool with me being high and we all laughed .
the black tea is amazing as well !
friendly and courteous staff ?
the best sandwiches in town ?
one of my favorite places to eat .
its been a min .
thanks and love the awesome new artwork painted on the walls .
overall i like the food and service is always friendly .
cheba hut will always be my favorite sandwich shop !
this is a great , laid back find in mesa .
i had the best sandwich of my life !
definitely an unique place !
love this place .
they have great sandwiches .
i really like this place !
the best sub sandwiches on the planet !
plus they deliver if you 're in their range .
their subs are toasted and that makes them extra yummy .
the midwest best does it for me hands down .
this place is always good to come to if you have some killer munchies .
this place has by far the best sandwiches and subs around .
enjoy .
best sub sandwiches ever and great vibe .
love cheba hut !
i love cheba hut !
the food is amazing and everyone is always so friendly !
everything i have tried is delicious !
best sandwiches in town !
best place ever !
the vibe is priceless and they have good beer !
easily one of the best places in town for toasted sub sandwiches !
consistently great quality , great taste and great service !
everything about this place is awesome !
without a doubt , best sandwiches in town !
this place rocks !
i love the white widow minus mushrooms .
you can keep those !
best toasted subs in mesa !
delicious !
the chipotle spread was great and the bread was perfectly toasted .
i live in scottsdale and will gladly take the drive back !
my girl and i eat here regularly once or twice a month .
this place is a must for anybody who likes sub style sandwiches .
the place always smells amazing , they have tv and great music .
i recommend this place to anyone !
i absolutely love this spot .
sandwiches are incredible , staff is very nice and chill .
good for meat lovers and veggie lovers alike .
the service is awesome too !
best sub place in the valley .
i love this location !
the employees are really friendly and are always in a good mood .
definitely worth a try !
everything is made fresh and it 's always good !
fantastic food !
very nice staff !
seriously the best sandwich i have had !
my favorite cheba hut .
super clean , quick helpful service .
the sandwiches always hit the spot .
i eat here a few days ago with my bf .
staff is very friendly .
the restaurant has an awesome atmosphere and the food omg is amazing !
favorite sandwich place hands down !
it was amazing !
love this location .
love cheba hit .
even the pb & j is amazing .
my boyfriend and i come here as often as possible .
i love you .
you 're worth it .
cheba hut seriously has the best sub sandwich game .
best place .
keep up the good work .
love this place !
cough , cough .
this is seriously the best cheba hut location in az .
this location seriously has the best and kindest staff .
plus they always have the ingredients to make my sub on hand .
you got to go here !
good stuff !
great garlic herb bread .
good choice of munchies and desserts , too .
plus kool-aid fountain drinks and good tunes .
i 'll definitely be returning !
place is a dump but the sandwiches are amazing .
super fresh and clearly made with love .
this is the sandwich shop you want to go to .
white widow is my favorite !
such a fun atmosphere !
excellent place for subs , cool joint to chill too .
the salad was delicious .
love this place .
so good !
everyone is very nice too .
the overall experience was simply just fun .
the staff are just delightful , cheba hut has definitely earned my business .
this place is great it has a very relaxed environment .
the food is good i always get the white widow with no mushrooms loaded !
i 've been coming here since i was in high school !
my favourite is the midwest 's best .
yea man , yea .
love you guys !
staff is always super friendly and nice !
love all of the little touches they add to everything .
white widow is so good !
also have had delivery is always hot and fast .
i have never had a better sandwich ... .
i must say ... .
this is a cool joint with good sandwiches , check it out !
well if they would have got my order right i would have been happy .
this place was great !
the service was awesome too ; workers are really nice .
their brownies are really good too !
they also have kool-aid which is awesome !
love this place !
food is awesome , staff is friendly and they always have great customer service .
this place is awesome .
i highly recommend cheba hut .
they are amazing .
this place is amazing .
so amazing .
this is a really good place to eat !
this place will always be my favorite .
moved out here from florida a couple months ago .
i love this place !
lol the sandwiches are actually really good !
and the price is very reasonable !
highly recommend the white widow and the jamaican ' both sandwiches are amazing !
love love this place .
prices are great and good customer service .
took my brother for the first time and he loved it .
sandwich 's here are amazing .
i have been here multiple times and it 's always been great .
thank you !
very good !
atmosphere is cool and service is good .
will definitely be back when in the area .
i felt the staff was pretty professional and handled me well .
i love that stuff !
its spicy and the grilled onions are amazing .
real chinese food .
some of the best food i have had anywhere .
this place has authentic chinese food at pretty good prices .
otherwise come here and order family style and you will be in heaven .
the best bbq pork in town !
they always easily accommodated our large groups .
the bathrooms are very nice though the locks have n't worked on multiple occasions .
lol it 's reassuring to me .
see ya there !
it 's not a very luxurious place , but the food is amazing !
it 's a pretty good value too .
as good as it gets in arizona .
well , some dishes are good and some dishes are not so good .
it 's the cheapest duck in town , and it 's damn good !
it 's worth it !
delicious food ad quick take-out .
but again , great food as always .
one of the best chinese places i have gone to in phoenix .
just enjoyed our favorite asian restaurant !
lunch specials are a real value !
we always order the garlic green beans ... best in town !
best roast duck in the valley .
come to this place for real authentic chinese food .
pregnancy cravings !
both were delicious .
the roast duck is delicious .
the very best lunch specials !
cashew chicken is our favorite along with the delectable garlic green beans !
the place was amazing !
i recommend this place !
this place is the real deal .
bbq pork , roast pork , and duck are best in town .
veggies are definitely worth the price .
fried hong style noodles are also a favorite .
firm noodles , crisp broccoli , celery , snow peas , and perfect seasoning .
the fresh steamed fish is delicious .
great service and reasonable prices .
i highly recommend this restaurant !
they have really good food and would recommend this place .
it 's a family owned restaurant and has had some changes in the kitchen .
still give it a try , good cantonese style cooking .
this place is delicious .
definitely one of the most authentic !
i 've been eating here since i first moved to the area in _num_ .
i absolutely love this place .
they give you a very authentic and home-made feeling with their culinary creations .
high recommend .
have been going here for years and it is consistently great .
reasonable lunch prices with many excellent options .
authentic cantonese style food .
bbq pork and duck were very good .
the best roast pork in the phoenix area .
the duck is moist and flavorful .
mongolian beef is excellent .
the store has a open warehouse feel to it .
employees are super friendly and helpful .
great find !
the owners are very friendly and almost always available .
the food is delicious and always fresh .
i recommend the sushi , and my boyfriend loves the chicken katsu .
i like the big windows and friendly vibe .
absolutely the most authentic , delicious japanese food in the valley .
most authentic japanese i 've had made by real japanese people .
lightly crunchy outside , juicy flavorful chicken on the inside ... .
it 's a no-nonsense place but with authentic japanese food .
and it was good .
real good .
this is the best and most authentic japanese food in az .
the food is never oily and taste fresh .
this place is mom and pop and very comforting to me .
the owners are really nice and friendly , and give good service .
it was a pretty damn good bowl of ramen .
sashimi was well cut and fresh .
it helps to have a place around when the craving strikes !
once inside , i found it was worth the drive .
i had the miso ramen with chicken , and i loved it .
an awesome , incredibly filling dinner for about _num_ dollars .
the food is very tasty and very inexpensive .
this may be my new favorite place .
mmm ... we also ordered california rolls .
so good !
i was right !
the owner was very friendly and helped me pick some things out .
the ramen was delicious and filling .
i 'll definitely be back .
the chicken skewers are really good here too .
one of my favorite lunch spots .
they have a great looking menu and the food is awesome .
try any combo meal on the menu and you 'll love it .
i really enjoyed this place .
amazing !
a home of genuine japanese cuisine !
the meals are generous , food is amazing !
everything was delicious !
it was very quiet , just one other customer , and very nice .
we love this place !
our _num_ yo loved it .
the couple who run it are super fast , too .
my fav is the katsu , so crispy and good !
the most authentic japanese food in arizona .
the food is pretty good , too .
the udon is also excellent .
nigiri and sashimi are okay .
amazing food .
great service too .
now that we have eaten here , this is by far the best .
great food and really inexpensive .
still , it 's not expensive and is both authentic and tasty .
amazing , truly a hidden gem !
best japanese we 've had since moving to mesa _num_ years ago .
great tempura dinner .
highly recommended , lots of character and great flavors .
the food here is top notch .
this place has some of the best authentic japanese food in town !
a place to eat real japanese food in the phoenix metro area !
the food here is sooooo good guys .
it is such a great value for the quality and quantity you get .
try them out , i highly recommend it !
good food , a lot of variety and combos to choose from .
amazing !
serving size and quality are exceptional .
last but not least , the service is great .
i like the restaurant it 's nice and cozy .
for the price , i was able to enjoy this meal !
there are several combo meal here and it can fill you up well !
very good ramen .
very quiet atmosphere , but nice .
simple and very authentic .
just genuinely delicious japanese food .
this is my new all around go-to place for a good meal .
they have the best miso ramen .
sometimes its a bit salty but the food is truly good and authentic .
also , they give you lots of sides and they are also good too !
definitely worth a try !
best tempura in the valley !
this place has the authentic japanese food in the affordable price range .
the food is satisfying in both quality and quantity .
great food .
better than my other reviews .
their other food looks good to .
friendly staff great food !
the food was so good .
a most definite hole in the wall experience .
very delicious .
a large amount of food per order is given as well .
the service is subpar , but the food more than makes up for it .
they have some really good food .
fantastic !
tempura lunch is fantastic !
fantastic authentic japanese !
adventurous kids will enjoy , picky kids wo n't be happy .
quick service and generous portions of the dinner bento boxes keep me coming back .
a great little secret in the corner of mesa !
this place has amazing japanese food .
it is extremely authentic and run by a japanese couple .
the restaurant itself is somewhat quaint but again , the food is great .
i love this place .
the hot and cold noodles are great .
the couple who runs it are eager to please and the food is delicious .
this place is a great choice if you want japanese food other than sushi .
i 'm also a big fan of their udon soup .
everything here tasted fresh and very authentic .
the rice is amazing .
really good japanese food .
love it !
the most authentic japanese restaurant i 've eaten at in arizona .
the atmosphere is very quiet and peaceful and the owners are very nice .
i love the melon cream soda and would totally recommend it .
came here for the first time tonight and really enjoyed it !
the flavor was still really good but not exactly _num_ star quality .
me and my wife love this place .
it is so great .
the best korean in arizona .
pretty good korean food ... .
sides are pretty good and they are good about refilling them .
side dishes are good too , and the best thing is they keep coming .
really good korean food .
it 's has the best tofu soup in arizona .
best korean restaurant that i know about in this state .
consistently excellent always .
friendly service ( and fast ! )
best korean in the state .
i went here last night and the food was right on !
finally found a decent korean restaurant around town .
i finally had the lovely kimchi taste in my mouth once again .
the menu is a bit over priced but the food is great .
i love everything from their spicy tofu soup to the kimchi pancake !
their stone rice bowls are amazing .
the portion sizes here are pretty big so it 's always idea to share .
`` yummy , authentic , local korean restaurant ! ''
the service is fast and good .
even though the price is a bit higher but it is worth the price .
always outstanding .
terrific !
it 's all authentic , and now including steel chopsticks .
absolutely incredible !
great service , great food , great prices .
definitely worth every penny !
love this place .
their soft tofu soups are so delicious !
very good korean food .
the lunch specials are excellent and they do n't mess around with the spices .
the side dishes are all very good .
i really like their bibimbap .
awesome food .
the sides are great .
sooo yummy !
i really enjoy this place but do n't come often cuz of the price .
it was really good .
okay , i am half korean and i love this place .
which is good , because you definitely pay for your portion .
it 's a great way to eat family style too .
they also have good side dishes .
love this place .
one of the best korean bbq restaurants in the phoenix area .
i love their tofu soup .
is really good too .
just moved here from los angeles .
definitely recommend it .
i was impressed .
lunch prices are very good , while dinner prices seemed high .
but probably one of the best korean places on the east side .
our table also shared a seafood pancake , and it was really yummy !
good variety , but i was hoping for some fish cakes or cold noodles .
i love korean food and this is the place to get it .
always good food , generous portions .
the staff are courteous and attentive .
i ordered a lunch special with bbq meats , it is reasonably priced .
it is so delicious that you ca n't resist .
i checked this place out and was pleasantly surprised how good it was .
most places make the kalbi too sweet ... this place makes it just right !
the staff are very friendly and helpful .
good korean food makes me happy .
now i 'm no expert , but this place seems really authentic .
my korean friend says this is the best there is in the phoenix area .
this is a very good korean place to eat .
great food here and the staff and restaurant are great .
good korean food but spotty service .
i will definitely be back for more .
foods been tastier , service is good , and they are always busy .
it usually hits the spot !
i 'm a huge fan of this place .
great service , great korean dishes at very generous portions .
best fried rice ever .
the food was good , liked it and will be going back .
i love korean food .
they were all really good .
pretty wide menu with familiar items mixed with more traditional korean dishes .
plenty of tables but the place still got packed on a weekday .
living in hawaii it is easy to find authentic asian food .
the clientele was gorgeous .
it 's healthy to the alternative as well !
absolutely love this place .
best authentic korean food i 've found in the valley .
highly recommend to all .
i 'm so happy to find tasty korean in the area .
i liked all the little sides that came with my food .
it was sweet but he loved it .
service is friendlier than most , and the food quality is excellent .
prices are good , too .
great flavors .
amazing portion sizes .
this place is the most authentic korean place in phoenix !
all the food is spectacular and i will most definitely be coming back .
it 's well worth the drive in the summer heat for food this good !
i 've been here a couple of times and always have a great experience .
i think their food is decent and appropriately priced .
a couple of times , but they are always friendly and polite .
right next door so we can walk off our food a little bit .
this is one of my favorite korean restaurants .
best korean food i 've ever had !
the kimchi pancake was amazing .
all of it was good including all the side dishes .
service was good .
they spoke english really well so it was super easy to order .
i know i 'll keep coming back because i love the food however !
very traditional .
staff are friendly and i can tell they are working very hard .
if anyone knows of other spots , please let me know .
it really is fantastic .
food is always good .
this place is cleaner than most restaurants out here with fresh side dishes .
the waitresses are very nice and helpful .
this place is great !
clean and spacious but always full of happy customers .
the food was just delicious !
good stuff !
good prices , good portions .
good service .
friendly , family-owned atmosphere .
a very great place to eat korean food !
food is on point and very flavorful !
will definitely come again !
awesome food .
service is a two , food is a four .
the kimchi fried rice is delicious and ridiculously hot .
seafood soon tofu is very tasty but medium hot is very spicy .
great food but its kinda pricey .
really popular place .
best korean bbq in arizona !
ive eaten here plenty of times and always enjoyed myself .
im pretty sure the potato side dish is dessert , i love it .
this stuff is comfort food that warms my soul .
enjoyed the food .
everything tastes fresh .
by far the best korean food in town .
best korean place in the area .
the staff is friendly and try really hard to please .
this place is awesome !
the new pork belly dish is super yummy !
i found this to be the most authentic looking korean restaurant .
i ordered the sol long tang and loved it .
i definitely will be back in the near future .
they 're huge portions and very well priced !
staff are always very friendly and well groomed .
the food here is awesome .
) .
very good place !
i had the korean bbq , and it was delicious .
people is nice too .
restaurant was very clean , and smelled amazing .
our server quickly got our drink order , and handed us menus .
the pork was very tasty and not at all fatty .
had a very nice meal .
loved the food.
delicious.
served hot and really hit the spot .
i will definitely eat here again plus i recommend it to everyone .
our waiter was nice and very helpful .
they were very nice and answered all of the questions we had .
we really enjoyed this place and we will definitely be back .
great service !
i love their lunch special that comes with _num_ different meat .
soooo good !
best cucumbers in town !
not always the best service , but the food is great .
sometimes the service is slow , but overall the food is pretty good !
the bulgogi is the best i have had in arizona .
highly recommended !
his chair side manners are wonderful .
he 's so kind , gentle and he makes you feel comfortable .
shelly , karen and megan are great dental hygienists .
good service , pleasant , quick .
it 's really good .
everyone is very nice otherwise though .
we will always call these guys !
service is iffy at times but food is always great !
my favorite stop for fast food fried chicken !
service was very quick and friendly .
all food was perfect .
friendly service .
great food .
best part was i got my food right after i got done paying .
fast service !
i love me done chicken !
anyways , customer service is always been wonderful and helpful .
the chicken was fresh and the sides were delicious .
great service and speed along with friendly staff .
this is literally my favorite food from here .
she loved it !
amazing customer service .
kevin did an awesome job .
amazing company with all kinds of glass available .
i would recommend them to all of my friends .
what a great group of people .
i highly recommend desert breeze glass .
the staff has always been super nice and done great quality work !
was very pleased and will highly recommend them .
the tech arrived on time and was very professional and courteous .
very happy with their service and would highly recommend them .
great company !
kaitlyn is very nice !
she got my quotes in quick and was very patient .
they are quick and do a great job .
they are fast , reasonably priced and their workmanship is excellent .
the attention to detail superb !
great job always , desert breeze .
they were friendly and nice .
how often do you find such honesty ?
this place was wonderful !
it was probably the best pedicure i 've ever had .
it is so pretty !
i will definitely return to this place , it far exceeded my expectations .
the gel man is last a strong _num_ weeks .
do it and tip these lovely vietnamese women well !
clean , friendly and quality work .
happy wife , makes me happy .
i 'd definitely recommend this place .
definitely a place to check out .
this place is great !
the staff does a phenomenal job , very fun and energetic atmosphere .
highly recommend this establishment !
love this place .
very friendly workers that do an incredible job .
they take pride in their work , and treat you like family .
thanks ladies !
good customer service and friendly atmosphere !
great pedi for $ _num_ !
they are always polite and remember our names .
i 've taken others as well and they enjoyed it !
i have come here many times and i am always happy with the service .
i do like to get ryan as well but honestly they are all good .
its clean , lots of chairs , and they remember you .
anyhow , its my spot and i love it !
kudos to nails _num_ !
serrano 's has a temporary menu that is full of yummy goodness .
service is awesome and the margs are strong !
serrano 's is one of those mexican chains that just does it right .
it comes with a helpful serving of rice and beans too .
great service , good food and felt great after !
i really enjoyed my dinner her .
the food was n't too spicy and the margarita was really good !
i will definitely go back !
best part of our meal was that i felt great after .
the quality of the kitchen and the ingredients must have been very high !
i love this place !
the food at serrano 's has always been amazing at all locations .
the staff is always friendly .
the burritos are delicious and fairly priced .
came here for lunch with my mom .
the service was outstanding and the lunch was great .
definitely will be back !
it 's always fresh and delicious !
their cheese enchiladas , tamales and chimichangas are all great choices .
bonus : they sell fresh homemade tortillas there .
you can stop and pick some up to go and they are absolutely delicious !
it 's the best salsa and bean dip north of mexico .
eat it .
love this place !
mark is awesome !
lots of good people !
solid dive with a good draft selection .
overall , it 's a great neighborhood bar .
service is great , and all around a good clean starbucks .
this location is one of my faves because it 's right by school !
they do n't have a drive-thru and their parking lot is almost always packed !
amazing !
it 's a popular hangout .
i love this place .
a great start to my work days .
thanks ladies !
love all the electrical outlets here ... great mobile work location .
they just had a remodel and the place looks fantastic .
generally speaking i get fast service and everyone knows my name .
customer service is professional and friendly here .
great service- they always remember my name and my coffee of choice .
excellent employees and very friendly .
this is by far still the best starbucks ever !
i enjoy shopping here and getting my prescriptions filled .
the pharmacy is always very fast and they are really nice there .
i just love this place !
its got antiques , collectibles and also hand crafted items .
the lady who runs the place is very friendly .
i like it and i know you will too !
awesome place to find unique , antique , seasonal , or homemade gift items !
highly reccomend !
this is such a fun store to shop in .
something for everyone in this store !
just love it !
seriously a great place !
they are always getting new stuff .
cute items at a decent price and some junkie items .
loved this place and will definitely recommend it to our friends .
the gals working there are friendly and very helpful .
i will be going back more often now that i found this wonderful shop !
kind , warm hearted , and professional .
great place !
this place is great !
thank you so much for saving the day !
this place is incredible .
chinese restaurant in the east valley .
wow !
by far the best chinese food around !
it 's inexpensive , but delicious !
the chinese around here is n't very good but this place was amazing !
it tasted fresh and crisp very affordable also .
i got orange chicken and mongolian beef super good fresh veggies in the beef !
crab puffs were also super good to !
i highly recommend this place .
this is definitely a tasty spot ... .
i would recommend this place if your looking for something different and good .
the staff here is knowledgeable and friendly .
the chiropractor is the best i 've found in the area after many attempts .
i highly recommend dobson lakes family chiropractic .
i know my best interest is their # _num_ priority !
it 's the perfect balance of eastern and western medicine .
they are always flexible and understanding .
this is a wonderfully modern and big office .
overall a good office with great doctors !
i 've been coming here for years and i love it .
because of him and his office , my pregnancy was enjoyable and comfortable .
i saw patricia and i liked her very much .
really liked this office !
top notch operation !
everyone is always positive in his front office and wait times are never long .
this is one of my favorite bars in this part of town .
unusual location , but a very fun place nonetheless .
this was a nice little place that my sister introduced me to .
i played here and had a good time the crowd was very responsive .
she and her boyfriend showed me a good time while i was in town .
for a dive bar , it was a great time .
another plus is i live across the street within walking distance .
also got ta love they serve white castle burgers .
if youre into dive bars you definitely got ta hit this place .
i went here just for kicks and ended up really liking the place .
they have great food and a great atmosphere .
great crowd and fun quirky locals .
the lighting for the show was n't great but the sound was good .
truly an awesome small bar venue .
have a great time dancing to the _num_ 's music on thursday nights .
great crowd , friendly .
awesome !
the best dive bar in the phoenix area .
great bar staff and drinks .
loads of good beer and tap .
great place for live music too .
food is amazing too .
love the reunion thursdays .
it 's the best _num_ 's music in the phoenix area .
reasonable drink prices and really good food .
food here is always amazing !
specifically sunday breakfast and movies !
love this place !
definitely dont layer when you go there !
not sure what it is , but i love this place !
overall , very cool place !
perfect place for third dates and indie rock shows .
food is okay and decent vibe depends on what bands are playing .
best dive bar in az , bloody mary 's & breakfast are the best !
sound is awesome , and the cover is reasonable .
drink selection is amazing , and they have a signature drink menu as well .
they have a full kitchen , and even offer breakfast starting at 6am !
perfect for those working the graveyard shift .
prices are good and drinks are strong .
great greasy pub food and awesome service makes for a good time .
check it out !
they have surprisingly good food which is pretty inexpensive .
great selection of beers and mixed drinks , and priced right .
they also have some of the best local bands playing on the weekends .
the staff is always really friendly too .
, rockin and packed is how i will always remember it .
ahh , sweet memories .
i loved hollywood alley .
the doctor came in and i was immediately pleasantly surprised .
very very good italian food .
especially love the ravioli .
the shells are light and melt in your mouth .
real cooking going on here .
the service and ambiance are first rate .
great food with excellent service and really nice people .
they treat you like family .
really nice italian wine selection .
the staff is always helpful and we had our 25th wedding anniversary party there .
it really was amazing , better than anything i 've ever tasted .
the tomato basil meatball soup is incredible .
wow .
very good .
till next time keep up the good work .
service is always great .
very italian , tasty and busy on friday nights .
good wine and beer selection .
its a small store , but still pretty cool .
he knows what he 's talking about .
i 've been a customer for over _num_ years and i still love it .
this is a very good local fish store .
probably my favorite thing here is the customer service .
this store is rather small , but they have a good selection .
excellent store , great staff , and huge wealth of knowledge .
it is definitely worth the drive .
this place is freaking great great .
they 're prices are damn good .
i absolutely love this place !
they have some great deals .
this store now has a loyal customer in me !
would recommend to others .
beautiful , clean store .
awesome displays .
despite that , i received excellent service and had all my questions answered thoroughly .
my favorite fish store in phoenix !
the tanks are clean , cared for and loved .
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable and they are a locally owned company .
they are super knowledgeable , and also very ethical .
that 's amazing !
their fish are healthy and well cared for .
really helpful and knowledgeable staff .
fair prices .
i will definitely be back .
this place is great !
very good customer service and i 'm extremely happy with my fish .
i definitely recommend this store .
went here to seek advice on our community salt water project , outstanding place .
we highly recommend this place .
the staff have always been professional and courteous .
swim kids is awesome .
she loved it and kept going for about a year .
every instructor she has ever had has been wonderful .
it is well worth the monthly fee .
highly recommend .
love this place .
they do high standard instruction for a great price .
needless to say we love it too .
she loves coming here each week .
the student really creates a bond with their instructor .
when you pay for the services , you really do get top quality .
he just turned _num_ and is able to swim across the pool by himself !
overall we love this place and have recommended many of our friends here .
_num_ stars , really !
the staff is phenomenal !
it 's astounding !
pricing is affordable and there are plenty of options for class days and times .
the _num_ minute class length is perfect for my toddlers too .
the staff is friendly , encouraging and patient .
he loves having them as instructors .
i will still continue to bring my son here !
we have enjoyed taking our daughter to swim kids !
highly recommend this place for the quality of their programs .
this place is legit !
the instructors are patient and professional .
this place also offers dance and gymnastics classes .
amazing !
we love it .
as good as it get 's for $ _num_ .
complex to anyone i know .
this place kicks ass !
it 's the perfect place to find birthday and christmas gifts .
the selection is as eclectic as it is diverse .
the sea of posters kept me occupied for an hour and a half !
happy hunting !
well , i must say that their online store is awesome .
was a great buying experience .
nice purses as well near the back of the store .
service was great , and they were very helpful .
it 's really one of those places you have to see to believe .
check it out .
this place is great .
i ordered custom team shirts .
love this place !
i absolutely love this store !
friendly staff , great customer service .
my husband loves this place , he is friends with all the staff .
very nostalgic as well .
i love this store !
they have so much cool stuff .
the staff is always really friendly and willing to help .
the staff has amazing customer service !
they are always helpful and friendly .
t-shirts fit fine - my husband bought a tool t-shirt .
we 'll definitely make this a regular shopping trip while on vacation in phoenix .
larry was awesome to work with on the design .
friendly staff .
great selection of merchandise .
i saw some of the band shirts that i know are rare .
great and helpful staff .
the best mechanic !
so all the stars there are for a truly honest mechanic .
i would definately recommend them .
i will only be dealing with perfect tune from now !
i can see why he has fans .
the best `` garage experience '' i think i 've ever had .
prices are very reasonable .
i 'm hooked .
robert is so honest and he knows what he 's doing !
amazing and honest .
this is a true quality business .
still a wonderful vet .
we travel from phoenix because we love it here so much .
you can tell they really love and care about your animals .
great service .
nice selection .
i will keep ya posted on how everything turns out !
fantastic quality , service , & price .
our whole party was extremely happy with the result .
i 'm even purchasing a suit from rose -- their prices are fantastic !
i highly recommend rose tuxedo to anyone & everyone .
this is a great place to get a tux or suit .
i love that it is locally owned .
so glad we found rose tuxedo !
i now have a stylish tux for my wedding at a good price .
great doctors and scheduling is easy .
the doctors and staff are super friendly and professional .
i love dr .
as a new mom i have a lot !
as a new mother i fully trust him and his judgement : ) !
thank you for being so patient and the absolute best !
property was clean and well maintained .
great value , friendly courteous service .
best of class , great for business trips .
very good service for this basic maintenance i had done , for a price .
a huge thank you to brian at firestone !
brian was friendly , quick and efficient .
thank you brian for your awesome customer service !
excellent customer service .
thank you !
this location is great .
i got there early but jeff got me taken care of right away .
these guys were all great and i could n't ask for a better experience .
thank you !
walked in and they were able to help right away .
very friendly and efficient .
these guys were great !
the guys here are friendly and have excellent customer service .
they also lied to us about the battery needing replace .
their customer service was great .
car is working great and back on the road within a few hours .
juan helped us there and he was very sincere and helpful .
this chain seriously has the best pancakes in the world , hands-down !
my sister is a huge fan of this place .
i 'd highly recommend it !
the good eggs benedict is always yummy and quick to order .
how busy it gets is definitely a testament to the quality of the restaurant .
was very good , non greasy and healthy .
a great choice .
service was fast and friendly .
i had the rocky mountain omelet which was the perfect amount and was delicious .
great breakfast spot .
this is one of my favorite places for eating breakfast .
very diverse menu .
the potatoes were good as well , not greasy at all like some places .
impressive !
highly recommended .
great food .
the flavors went together so well .
i also had a berry smoothie that was good as well .
the atmosphere is pleasant and there was no wait to be seated .
i always love the flavored coffee .
mrs q got the rocky mountain omelette and loved it .
this is one of my favorite breakfast spots .
this was the best breakfast i have ever had .
great friendly service .
very delicious !
we frequent this place often and the service and food are excellent every time .
the good egg certainly does .
i like flavorful sauces and salsas and good egg has a great selection .
eggs , bacon , avocado and salsa , all tasty and well done .
they also have daily specials and a daily speciality tea .
it suits my breakfast needs perfectly .
love the coffee .
this place is delicious .
love the food and the staff is very friendly .
great place for breakfast or lunch and even coffee !
i love this good egg location .
great place for breakfast or lunch .
but when i do it 's for special occasions !
everything is amazing .
great breakfast place !
well never again .
i thought the portions were excellent .
i would definitely bring my family here for breakfast from now on .
great omelets .
good food all around .
pretty friendly staff and reasonable prices .
it 's a good breakfast place for sure .
the food is fantastic !
their eggs benedict is amazing as well .
i highly recommend this place !
amazing food and friendly staff .
i recommend the huevos rancheros for only $ _num_ !
love their flavored coffees !
service is always good .
great , huge , pancakes !
would highly recommend for breakfast and lunch !
the food came out a little slow but was very good .
i have been coming to the good egg for years .
the food is outstanding .
i love love love this place .
they have the best coffee and pancakes ever .
the wait staff is always amazing !
i ate those breakfast tacos and was quite full .
staff was accommodating and very friendly .
i would definitely recommend it !
the biscuits and gravy are amazing with the arizona peppers hot sauce .
the strawberry lemonade was outstanding !
plus the waitress we had was very nice !
loves this place .
amber and kelsey , are the _num_ best waitresses at the restaurant !
my family has been coming here since we moved to az _num_ yrs ago .
soo tried and true .
love , love , love !
the sweet and spicy wrap with grilled chicken is awesome !
of course , i love the entire menu !
kelsey is back from vacation so please ask for her !
come on in and enjoy the food and people .
the reason i felt compelled to write this review is amazing customer service .
would recommend in the future !
as always the food was awesome !
she is pleasant and knows her stuff !
i love this place !
still my favorite breakfast place !
served a side of fresh fruit .
simple and filling !
again , my favorite breakfast place !
i soo look forward to my saturday mornings !
as usual food and service is great !
enjoy !
ohh yah !
my favorite breakfast spot !
the coffee is fabulous !
as always the staff is awesome and professional , friendly and feels like family !
love the nurse 's breakfast , my fiance typically gets the breakfast tacos .
ohhhh yeah , it 's saturday !
my favorite breakfast spot !
i am in love with the wraps !
enjoy a great cup of coffee to with your meal .
soo warm and inviting .
just goes to show you can get what you like here !
ohhhh , warm pancakes , bacon and eggs !
a good cup of coffee and all set for the day to proceed !
just a great place to start the day !
pancakes are awesomeness on a plate , the bacon is real and thick .
the coffee is fresh !
this place was amazing .
the monte cristo sandwich was delicious .
the biscuits and gravy were fresh and delicious .
this is my favorite of all time breakfast spot .
a great brunch item !
ate here on my lunch break about a week ago and received amazing service .
she was attentive and efficient .
definitely one of the best if not the best waitresses i 've ever had .
super !
i always have such great service , even on a busy sat morning !
the food is fresh and very satisfying !
she had an awesome and upbeat personality .
a lot of the times she just brought it before we even asked .
it was like she was in tune with us and our food .
i found it was a very good meal .
she liked it a lot , and she loves the coffee .
breakfast was good and the place was clean .
however , i found a new favorite dish .
the avocado toast is awesome !
wow !
this place is awesome !
fresh delicious food and great service !
definitely going back !
really enjoyed the old pueblo !
the service was good too .
totally yummy !
this is our favorite place for breakfast .
great breakfast .
coffee was excellent .
staff is attentive .
food also tastes great .
great location .
great place for breakfast .
the remodel looks great to go along with great service and food .
it 's our go to for breakfast .
ryan our server was very attentive , polite , and his service was excellent .
the service was especially good .
i always return and will continue doing so !
waitress was friendly and attentive and the coffee was fresh .
i 'll definitely be back .
the sunrise benedict , delicious !
fresh avocado and tomato , yum !
freshly squeezed oj .
and our server dave was very friendly and great customer service .
drank the who thing in minutes i highly recommend that drink .
affordable , and delicious to boot !
wow !
the garlic flavored crust pizza we ordered was delicious !
honestly , the best pizza i 've had since moving to arizona in _num_ !
they will order music for you and hold it for pick-up .
very friendly and knowledgeable staff .
highly recommended .
the repair shop here is great and the store part is good as well .
great turnaround time on repairs !
i 'm extremely pleased with my experiences at the music store .
highly recommended !
prices are very fair .
it 's much more ma and pa than guitar center .
it 's like a whole new guitar and plays even better .
wow !
they have a great selection and a helpful staff .
i recommend them to anyone looking for classes , gear , repair .
thanks guys .
the people here are extremely friendly and knowledgeable .
they are the best !
i was happy with the entire process .
everyone was very helpful , patient , and the classes were even fun !
this is the shop that certified me .
i highly recommend this dive shop !
they are so fun but also professional .
thank you for teaching me !
good food at a decent price .
awesome food .
authentic thai food and spiciness that goes with it .
eat there today for the first time .
great food imo .
had the house chicken which is crispy and nicely seasoned with egg fried rice .
tasted like the great szechuan places i knew as a kid .
will definitely eat here again .
always to take out , of course .
the yellow curry with beef is great .
the food was good and satisfying .
reasonable prices and friendly service .
the food is consistently delicious and the staff are extremely friendly .
the prices are good and the delivery menu has coupons available .
delivery is fast and the food is always hot .
i will continue ordering their food for many years to come .
bravo szechuan !
the food is big portion and very good food .
the thai tea is amazing !
the owner is very friendly .
the best thai food ever !
they were so nice and delivered fast and the food is amazing !
my kids loved the orange chicken !
the sticky rice and mango was so good !
thank you szechuan express we will be ordering again soon !
delicious !
the people working there are friendly and welcoming .
easily the best i 've ever had and my wife loved the pad thai .
will definitely be back and will bring friends .
takeout or delivery ... their staff is gracious and accommodating .
this is my favorite delivery place , hands down .
highly recommended .
it was super delicious .
their food was worth the wait .
the staff are very kind !
it is a great deal and good variety .
rice is always cooked right and they deliver too !
this is awesome food !
my kids love the sweet and sour chicken !
everything is great !
food is cooked fresh upon order .
this is one of my favorite places to eat in a mall .
the food is really good , fresh vegetables and sauces .
lastly the price is right under _num_ bucks !
i got the teriyaki chicken with rice and extra meat .
we went to cage world in mesa and i was very impressed .
love visiting this place !
kind and knowledgeable .
great place !
very friendly people and a huge selection .
nice to see birds not in cages .
the urgent care was fantastic .
very fast and friendly service .
been to the phoenix children 's east valley urgent care one time great experience !
the doctors have always been super nice .
it was very nice .
son got hit in the head with a baseball .
so relieved and so pleased if was a good experience .
we have been here twice now , and both experiences have been wonderful .
the staff was very nice and the wait was n't very long .
good urgent care center .
overall , very good experience .
a great doctor with great bedside manner , clean facility , friendly nurses .
this is the best urgent care i 've ever used .
the entire staff are completely amazing .
the nurse julie is amazing .
she 's always so polite and friendly with her bubbles .
the staff is usually great too .
i 'd recommend for anyone .
we have always had very good experiences .
the facility is clean , and brightly colored .
i 'd highly recommend it here .
i 'm sure we 'll be back !
the guy at check in was very friendly and helpful .
this is definitely the first place i will go next time .
great staff & good service .
a lot of the regulars are great people too .
i love my starbucks people !
of course i 'm a fan of starbucks !
conveniently close to my house .
the drinks were good like always , the store was also pretty clean .
pretty much , this is `` our '' sears .
worth checking out before they actually close .
good place for school books .
good return policy also .
) .
pretty good condition .
the standout at this location is nate .
outstanding will definitely come here again .
she loved what i bought .
i 've been back a couple of times and always find cute clean things .
nice , clean bowling alley .
sweet !
this 'll definitely be my go-to place for bowling in the future .
great company and awesome prices to bowl .
super fun !
it 's always super fun and surprisingly , on the holidays it 's busy .
i highly recommend bowling here .
staff made this place amazing .
thank you to the staff of this enterprise location .
the pick-up and delivery service made the process effortless for me .
the staff is very kind and professional .
i would highly recommend them !
i has a much better experience the second time i came in .
the guys were helpful and informative .
every was great , i got a free upgrade .
they have excellent customer service .
everyone here is very friendly , especially tyler .
definitely recommend this location if you 're in tempe / mesa !
the customer service was wonderful .
i came into town to visit my family .
they made it easy and flexible to rent a car on my terms .
i was very pleased , plus they upgraded me for free !
thank you !
i had an excellent experience at this enterprise .
very , very fast service .
very clean restrooms .
excellent beverage prices .
delicious grab and go sandwiches , good prices .
i love having qt so close to my home .
the best make it myself coffee and all the selections !
they also have awesome prices on their big pops from the fountain !
hoot !
best darn gas station if you ask me !
the selection of fountain teas is great .
great service !
great food for a convenience store !
clean bathrooms !
this place did a great job and were fairly reasonable .
very friendly and fast .
i highly recommend this practice .
okay , i have read all the reviews , so here is mine .
the front desk staff is so sweet and helpful as well !
he was professional and friendly .
he listened and came up with a game plan .
right on time .
we have great experience with every body in the office .
always very courteous service .
he is kind , patient and above all respectful to his patients .
great staff and great doctors who are committed to your well being .
dr. walker and his technician were very calm and very nice .
the office was very professional and comfortable .
i would definitely recommend them to anyone !
painless during the whole procedure .
she was very professional and had a great personality .
thanks again for the great care .
dr. walker and his staff are amazing !
his assistant made her feel so comfortable throughout the procedure by talking to her .
we would recommend this practice without hesitation !
would definitely recommend these guys !
highly recommend this office .
i have to say he was amazing !
he was gentle , down to earth , and explained the procedure .
his hygienist was amazing as well .
very comforting and caring .
i would highly recommend this practice .
we 'll be back , jamie !
thank you for a very pleasant experience !
the service is really great and the food is always good .
i recommend the pie .
oreo and my mom got the pecan and caramel one .
good service , clean , and worth to try again !
but village inn is still here !
i love their strawberry crepes !
the pie was soooooo good .
everyone is friendly .
go local if you want something special .
so that 's all we had and it was pretty good .
the french toast was very good , with a vanilla flavor .
great breakfast !
the server was terrific !
definitely going back !
service was friendly , efficient , and remarkably attentive considering the crowd .
good food , good service , good value , and nobody walked out hungry .
i have always had a good experience here .
staff , food , everything is nice and service is great .
best pies in town .
caramel pecan silk supreme pie is heaven .
the food is good as well .
since we are regulars , they always have our table ready .
our regular server is attentive and knows our usual orders .
the rest of the staff is friendly .
; - ) it was a great experience and my server scott was awesome !
i love going to this location !
the food is always great , i suggest the french dip !
she is always so happy and makes the experience even better !
village inn has the best chocolate french silk pie ever made ... .
he seemed to be covering the whole floor with ease .
you 're welcome .
the staff here are sweet .
i love their pricing as well .
they have the best crepes .
highly recommend .
absolutely perfect experience .
great pie !
seriously the best experience with a doctor i have ever had .
truly amazing !
the doctor was informative and the waiting room is nicely done .
awesome doctor and staff !
best skin care specialist on az !
very thorough , very careful and very organized staff .
you 're in the best hands .
great place to go for your salon nail supply needs .
organized well for a nail supply store .
owners and staff are happy to answer questions about products needed .
they also have an amazing selection of nail polishes .
prices are good and the animals all look healthy .
they have excellent prices on their goods too .
we will continue to shop here for sure .
john is great to speak to and very knowledgeable !
highly recommend .
always look forward to going !
the animals all seem very clean and healthy .
john , the manager , know what he is doing and is very knowledgeable .
love this store ... everyone is so helpful and knowledgeable .
the owner and the staff very good people .
absolutely love love love this place !
it 's a lil bit of a drive for us but worth every mile .
i love this place so much .
they also have great deals going in all the time .
she 's a sweetheart and she will guide you in any way she can .
the place just has great vibes .
old place , great food !
all in all this is a great place for a quick inexpensive lunch .
i absolutely love this place .
it 's very inexpensive and one of my favorite chinese restaurants in the valley .
i love that you can order things w/ out msg here .
its very important to order it this way .
their takeout staff is always great .
some waiters are more pleasant than others though .
and who knows , you may even see a local celebrity .
i even invited her to my wedding !
i 've been here several times and the food is consistently amazing !
it 's hot , fresh and always tasty .
great service and take out as well .
if you love good food , be sure and give this place a chance !
great food and good prices !
everything i have ordered has been good .
everyone i 've brought to this restaurant has liked the food .
good value .
fresh ingredients .
always good .
they have great food at amazing prices .
kudos to this hidden asian gem !
our favorite place to eat .
good food at very decent prices .
pot stickers were amazing and my orange chicken was great !
the best kung pao this side of san francisco !
fantastic !
pretty view of the golf course from inside .
the staff make you feel like family and the food always comes out fast .
great restaurant for breakfast ... .
the food is good , priced reasonably and the service is great !
thanks to adam , who always takes care of me .
as they say , try it ... you 'll like it !
perfect for a breakfast on sunday mornings !
staff is extremely friendly and courteous .
we 'll definitely be going back now that we know .
definitely worth stopping by .
just had a great breakfast on a saturday morning .
the greek scramble was fantastic .
service was fast and attentive .
otherwise it was great .
great breakfast .
will definitely be back .
hidden gem .
great for breakfast and lunch .
delicious food , wonderful service , well priced .
i 'm a fan !
my kids love it too !
thanks , jack in the box .
so i went to this location a few days ago and ordered food .
i love this store .
i will continue to shop here .
she was very pleasant , professional , down to business and reasonably priced .
i was sooooo happy with my experience at this vet .
the staff is very nice and helpful .
i always have a warm and fuzzy feeling at dobson ranch animal hospital .
they are very honest and will tell you what options you have .
the techs and dr was very caring and kind .
dr was very gentle and thorough .
my dog is doing great .
these guys are amazing .
highly recommend for any pet !
all i can say is i love this place !
everyone here is absolutely amazing .
i feel like my puppy is in good hands .
fantastic staff and extremely compassionate !
we love this place ... .
very friendly staff .
i appreciated their services greatly and would definitely recommend .
just the best group of professionals !
they give my girls the very best care and attention .
keep up the great work !
i got a chance to see how much they truly care about animals .
they are very friendly and you can tell they really love animals .
i recommend dobson ranch animal hospital to everyone .
everyone is fabulous and take good care of our dog for us .
dr b and his team are always excited to see our babies !
the whole team is amazing !
if you are looking for at vet this is the place to go !
caring reasonable people and the prices are outstanding .
wonderful service for a great price .
he has saved my cats life twice .
please check out this vet for yourself .
the prices are beyond fair and dr. anderson is amazing .
quality care and affordable prices .
i love doctor anderson !
she is doing amazing now .
the prices are amazing !
the vet techs are amazing too .
the staff is always super friendly and the place is always clean !
dr. anderson is very knowledgable and knows what he is doing .
we recently did the dog boarding and that went great as well .
amazing place !
the prices are great and the staff is awesome !
dr. anderson is the best !
i 'm so glad i found this place !
they take great care of my dogs and always make me feel welcomed !
i recommend this place to everyone i met !
she makes you look like a celebrity .
it 's a little pricey , but joy can cut well .
its always an adventure trying out a new barber .
nice waiting area .
great movies playing .
beautiful cut !
great prices .
good hours , gets the job done .
you absolutely have to have a safeway discount card .
got myself one of their signature sandwiches and boy was it yum .
good store .
so friendly , and they remember you when you return !
i was so impressed when i went here .
the guys that run the place are super friendly and do a great job .
if you live anywhere near here you should take a look .
and they actually run a cat rescue out of the front of the office .
it was very comforting and i never felt alone during the process .
they have been great with the care of my dogs .
they have the friendliest staff and i feel very confident with their care .
i love that .
the staff is super friendly too .
they always go the extra mile .
they are amazing !
great place !
this place is the best .
they are loving and very people friendly .
they take the best care of you and your pet .
they care about my cats and love to see them .
that day made my family clients for life .
they have been incredible and proactive with all of my cats .
they are kind , and caring .
a little bit run down inside but the quality of care is outstanding .
the really take time to explain all procedures to you .
the best vet around !
they are amazing and really care for your pets .
highly recommended !
they are beyond the best .
they treat your pet and you like you really matter .
she gives us great advice and just generally has fantastic bedside manners .
i ca n't recommend them enough !
i love these vets .
very friendly staff !
i love taking my pets here .
thanks guys !
this place is great .
very professional and kind staff .
they made it a very nice and easy process .
staff is exceptional too !
love this place .
the service is the best , and everyone is so friendly .
i 've always been happy with everything i 've ordered here .
i was very pleased with how fresh and tasteful it was !
everyone here was very pleasant and helpful when i came in too .
all in all a very nice place to eat !
nice breakfast , very nice and friendly people .
great prices .
well i was glad that i did .
i was greeted with a huge smile as i walked in the door .
breakfast was outstanding and service was great .
weekend staff are nice and friendly .
love this place .
but it 'll be worth it !
laurie has been cutting my hair for _num_ years and i trust her completely !
she is amazing !
this is the best hair salon ever !
i change my hair color often and my hairdresser sandy just rolls with it !
she is a very sweet , lovely lady and so is lori .
i highly recommend anyone come here for their hair , man or woman .
great place .
her prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is warm and friendly .
she is very good at what she does .
highly recommend .
great deals on beer tuesday thursday and sunday .
dr. j is the best in every sense of the word .
if you call with questions they are great .
we travel about _num_ miles to see him because he is that good .
he has a gentle demeanor and is great with kids .
a friend recommended dr. j .
he , liz , janet and his entire staff are incredible .
honest , caring real dental care !
dr. j is the best .
liz is amazing .
she has gone above and beyond for us on multiple occasions .
thank you dr .
j !
dr. j is great .
my wife and i love the office , liz is amazing !
dr. j and his staff are amazing !
he is honest and up front with you !
he is very personable and compassionate .
his staff is amazing .
i will recommend everyone i know to him .
very happy with this dental office .
the staff was honest , caring , and friendly .
i love this place and i 'd highly recommend it to anyone !
i 'm really happy with everything from my visits for my root canal !
honestly , best dentist i can remember seeing !
i keep coming back because of the wonderful staff and excellent care .
i truly believe they are getting the very best care .
best dentist in town !
and very friendly staff too !
i 've been coming for 10+ years and have recommend family and friends .
_num_ is a new year so i figured a new dentist to start fresh .
it was truly a great way to start my weekend .
very strong , sweet lady .
great studio friendly staff .
patient teacher for young ones .
cool hip hop teachers for kids into the hip hop scene .
our daughter and son have been with classic image since they were little .
thanks for giving my children an amazing place to grow up !
well run studio with lots of attention to detail !
a great group over here !
what a wonderful owner and teacher .
professional , fairly priced and a quality group of parents , kids and instructors !
you will love them !
you will also find he is an amazing doctor .
he is amazing !
local shop with a great selection and very helpful .
got to support the locals !
i love this nursery !
it has a great selection of plants of all kinds .
i will definitely be coming back here soon .
i was particularly impressed with their service today .
this small but mighty location is newly laid out and beautiful .
always a great selection and quality plants !
the staff is knowledgeable and helpful .
i love this place .
very knowledgeable about plants and they have a great selection .
herbs and vegetables are quite inexpensive and they have a great selection of trees .
great fast service !
i regularly shop wit them when parts are needed !
i am forever grateful , thank you !
excellent customer service .
the staff is extremely helpful and courteous .
he was so helpful and had such a great attitude .
such great customer service shown by him !
thanks a ton eric t !
very kind and knowledgeable .
i would highly recommend stopping here first before going to any shop .
great customer service !
brandon was a great help .
the service i have received at this autozone has been phenomenal .
they have saved me quite a bit of money as well !
superior md !
was fortunate enough to stumble on to his practice and am very impressed .
he was fast but thorough and happy to really listen to my concerns .
anyhow , it all went really well and i highly recommend dr. love .
dr. love is such an amazing doctor and genuine caring person .
the wait time is also very minimal which is great .
still a rock star with awesome office staff !
dr love is the best !
what a great manner , listens to you , let 's you ask questions .
great experience all around i would highly recommend .
such a neat place .
go there just for the fun looking around !
he was kind enough to squeeze me into his day .
i highly recommend this office & dr !
the food was good and the bread sticks hit the spot .
excellent service tonight by stephanie !
the chicken marsala was delicious !
food and service were great .
lots of extras requested and got every single one .
thanks olive garden , we will see you again soon .
the $ _num_ endless pasta bowl with salad and breadsticks is phenomenal .
a solid recommendation for any occasion .
food is good , but be prepared for a long evening !
the service was exceptional .
very satisfied .
classic all around good everything , food , service and atmosphere .
after speaking with the manager on duty , lisa , the experience greatly improved .
our table was taken over by maurice , an incredible waiter .
thank you lisa and maurice for all of your help .
anyone looking for a great meal with excellent service ask for maurice !
i love this olive garden !
the food is always amazing as are our servers .
; ) i just loved it .
great food .
awesome time .
food is always pretty decent .
it 's always the salad and breadsticks that win my heart .
thanks for making our family dinner a great experience !
always dependable quality with good customer service .
denny , our server , went above and beyond !
kudos to the bartender last night who delivered superior customer service !
the little things she did for me made an overall outstanding impression .
and the atmosphere ( fun and inviting ) .
it was a very pleasant experience .
very tasty !
my birthday dinner this evening was terrific thanks to excellent service and good food .
well done !
i would recommend this place for sure !
it has good ambience with great food .
i just love them .
service was much better than most bars especially when packed !
it 's a cute little dive bar and yes now they take credit cards .
fries , burgers , wings , etc .
age _num_ and below you can have a great time .
we love going here now .
we like to play pool and the drinks are great .
right now where they have a stage you ca n't drink in that area .
but it looks great in there !
great place to sing karaoke .
this place is simply for those who want the best falafel in the city .
great tasting gyro !
and nice family owned place .
they have a great kitchen with a nice simple menu .
great food for catering a party , which i have done multiple times .
i also love the variety of sweets that are offered .
the buffet was really delicious , lots of different tasty meats .
a good meal at a good price .
super friendly staff , great food , reasonable prices .
highly recommended !
the chicken kabob sandwich is my personal favorite .
great prices and great food .
however , the service was wonderful and the food was good .
i went based on other yelp reviews , and it was pretty good .
it 's reasonably priced and they serve it with warm pita bread .
the food was great .
as far as looks of the restaurant are concerned , it is very clean .
love the princess market !
the food is good in the restaurant but i mostly go for the market .
this is the spot !
seriously the best food in town .
the chicken shwarma is amazing and the portion is huge .
they also have the best hummus i 've ever had .
great price and tasted so good .
great food in tempe !
the hummus is good and so was the gyro i had .
what can i say ... love this place .
the food is definitely the best mediterranean i 've had in the valley .
the hummus is thick and delicious too .
i need to try their lamb stew next time , it looks amazing .
dining area is clean , staff is very friendly .
all the meat was very good , cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly .
hummus was excellent .
we also tried the falafel which i loved , perfect recipe and cooked perfectly .
all in all , it was a great lunch experience .
i 'm incredibly impressed by this deli .
the staff is always happy to see me , and have a casual conversation .
the store also has a wide variety of groceries to buy !
best mediterranean food in the area with great service .
their lentil soup and greek salad is delicious .
their coffee is a heavenly treat .
my favorite lunch place in the valley !
best food ever !
everything is fresh , great customer service .
it 's family owned .
the owners have consistently greeted us with open arms and a great dining experience .
the market has a nice variety of international foods as well .
highly recommend .
the atmosphere is wonderful , as well .
service is consistently great .
i would definitely recommend princess to anyone !
the food here is pretty amazing .
but the food alone keeps me a fan !
i purchased a gyro sandwich and it was pretty good .
good flavors , a bit dry on the meat and pita .
store : was interesting to check out a different culture of foods and shopping .
clean place .
awesome gyros !
the gyros are very good and at $ _num_ you can buy _num_ .
the fries are also very good .
the princess mediterranean market & deli what a great place for lunch or dinner .
amazing mediterranean food in an understated building .
great hummus and pita and chicken shawarma .
definitely go here !
excellent hummus .
great prices .
everything i 've eaten here has been amazing .
it 's the best mediterranean food i 've had in the valley .
simple ingredients freshly prepared result in rich flavors .
the service and prices are also hard to beat .
this place is good and has great healthy options .
the hummus is fresh !
this place is also a grocery stores , those are usually the best .
if you like great food and great prices , you 'll love this place .
excellent food and service .
very authentic cuisine .
all homemade and fresh .
falafel amazing .
chicken kabobs delicious .
rice is gluten free !
truly wonderful service .
will definitely come back !
amazing !
best meats i 've ever had !
definitely recommend this place , come at least 2-3 times per week .
also they have lovely baklava .
definitely recommended .
good food , great service !
great food !
they have a wonderful option of dishes to choose from .
family owned local business with great service and excellent desserts !
a very unique and very tasty experience !
what really made this plate `` pop '' was how well everything was seasoned .
you can tell that they put great care into everything they cook .
the desserts are great too !
very friendly staff as well !
oh great pita bread !
the waitress that served us was extremely attentive and had good conversation .
the hummus and tabouli are also top notch .
i highly recommend this spot .
almost forgot to mention the baklava was delicious as well .
my favorite was the falafel which was crunchy and still warm .
the hummus was fresh , along with the pitas .
i also got to try the asian salad which was really good !
great food ... worth the drive .
she could not rave enough about the food and she was right .
and even the rice is worth coming back for .
also ... .
great service !
i love little spots like this !
they have delicious authentic mediterranean food .
the staff is very attentive and friendly .
excellent food and great service .
tabouli is well balanced .
hummus and baba are just right .
eat here and you 'll be pleased .
it is very reasonably priced and it was good quality food .
this place is off the book delicious .
amazing chicken curry , kofta and tabouli , rice and assorted deliciousness .
the freshly made baklava is to die for !
would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for fresh authentic delicious mediterranean food !
family oriented place .
the buffet on friday is quite exceptional .
princess market definitely got my vote !
the pita and hummus were fresh and tasted delicious as well .
the gyro was well cooked with tons of yummy flavors and was so fresh .
these cats got it all going for them .
it also has a great market selection , mine being the deserts and sweets .
they also lay on the pita bread , so its all good here .
it was charred slightly and juicy inside .
the rice was perfect too .
it was a huge portion and loaded with all the right ingredients .
the plates were well balanced and tasty .
definitely will eat here again .
good food and good service .
i typically enjoy the chicken shawarma or vegetarian platter .
just consistently good food and service at a fair price .
great baklava as well !
so , the fair must be authentic as well .
this place is amazing !
very vegetarian friendly !
you 'll like it !
the food was delicious !
the hummus was excellent .
the guy that assisted me was really friendly & genuine .
based on everything else i 'm sure they 'll be delicious .
highly recommended !
will be back !
great food and friendly service !
both are excellent : very flavorful and never dry .
very happy with what we got there .
all was delicious .
very personable service .
maybe then they 'll get the hint !
everyone there is really cool , friendly , and pleasant every day .
the falafel sandwich is the best falafel i 've ever had .
good flavor .
nice people .
i got the chicken shawarma plate and yup it tastes so good !
the best mediterranean restaurant i 've ever been to !
the food is always delicious !
it tastes fresh and homemade .
i will be eating here again and i suggest you do the same !
i 'm not a big fan of hummus and i even enjoyed that !
staff was extremely warm and helpful .
food was prepared in about _num_ minutes and was extremely tasty and authentic .
there is plenty of seating space and it is shared with their supermarket .
another great experience at the princess deli .
the prices are always reasonable , the waiters pleasant and the atmosphere casual .
this is one of our favorite goto 's for mediterranean cuisine .
fair warning !
the chicken was so tender and juicy !
but theirs was perfectly balanced .
we even picked up fresh hummus and bread for the deli to go .
great prices and tasty food !
definitely a go-to for lunch at work .
best place ever .
love this place my new to go spot .
food is always bomb here so the wait is well worth it .
it 's such a hidden gem .
so happy i found this place .
great food , authentic , and cheap .
the food here is phenomenal , and the people are friendly and cool .
love this place !
princess is great !
regardless , i will be back to this place .
it 's definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the area .
best grape leaves i have ever had .
the staff is fun and friendly .
great food and great service .
best middle eastern food in phoenix by far !
will definitely be back !
best falafel pita i ever ate !
was very pleased to shop at princess .
found pretty much everything i was looking for and more .
definitely recommend the place for middle eastern grocery shopping !
this place is great !
there is also a small market , that is wonderful !
authentic music and atmosphere !
this place has affordable and very delicious meats and food !
their service is fast and very honest people that work here .
amazing food .
sooo good .
decent service .
so delicious and very affordable !
very sweet staff .
everything was yummy and fresh .
i really liked the fresh flavors of everything that we had .
is defintely some of the best i have had in the valley .
this place is delicious and so economical !
amazing food , great prices and very friendly service !
great to dine in or take out !
my first time trying mediterranean and i loved it !
if you have the chance , i highly recommend !
we 've enjoyed several items on the menu and visited many times .
service and food has always been great !
great food and service from hyatt !
delicious !
very friendly staff .
as for the food , very good authentic dishes .
i try all kinds of hummus and theirs had great texture and flavor !
definitely recommend and will be returning plenty of times .
very friendly and awesome staff !
gyro sandwich is delicious !
prices are reasonable and portions are good .
food is tasty !
having side dish options is awesome .
the gyro sandwich was very large and flavorful .
the meat was extremely tender and well spiced .
the grilled meat tasted very authentic and the hummus was very good as well .
the market has some great spices that i picked up .
will definitely be back .
the service is always fast , the food always tasty .
always juicy and cooked to perfection .
this place has superb food at great prices .
i highly recommend - over most restaurants in the valley .
very clean , inside and outside seating is great .
service very nice and quick .
love princess market for their food and market .
love this place .
princess platter tastes amazing and is a great deal .
best part was the service .
i enjoyed my baklava with some turkish coffee , great combo .
this place is definitely a new hidden gem of mine .
this place is the best !
they remember you by name and always have the most timely & generous service .
everything is fresh and tasty .
we love the staff and the family that owns the restaurant .
they are always friendly and happy to see us .
friend recommend this place for lunch and i was not disappointed !
got the princess lamb and it was fabulous !
highly recommend the baba ganoush !
amazing food i highly recommend it to anyone .
the staff is super nice and the service is great .
it was our first time here and the food was amazing !
we had the princess platter and the beef shawarma was outstanding !
we will definitely be back for more !
they were both excellent .
great food , great taste especially appetizers are really delicious .
excellent middle eastern food !
the chicken shawarma is really the best bet !
tabouli is great !
i love this place !
family owned , service is great .
the food here is genuine mediterranean .
the hummus is the best i 've found here in the valley !
the food is so good here !
we had an awesome first experience .
we got so much food and all was amazing .
the fresh hummus was the best part by far however .
this place is wonderful !
the staff was friendly and courteous .
i 'm absolutely in love with their garlic sauce !
the people working here are always very friendly and polite .
this place is really great .
their customer service is ok .
the food is great and you ca n't beat the price !
awesome first time !
omg what a hidden gem !
well look no further .
the best falafel i 've had in years .
will definitely be back .
always always always !
awesome place for breakfast and lunch .
quite place and delicious !
friendly staff and food is amazingly delicious !
so friendly , and a huge selection .
best place for middle eastern supply .
is the absolute best .
and they 're just so nice !
the boys are cute , too !
i love middle eastern food , and this place did not disappoint !
great food , amazing prices , and wonderful selection .
awesome place to get some authentic and delicious eats !
it 's not easy finding really good falafel , but princess nails it !
i 've yet to find one that is better .
the servers are friendly too !
i love princess market !
their hummus is the best in the valley !
they have such friendly service and are super quick after u order .
incredibly tasty and worth every star !
had a delicious meal two nights in a row from here .
this place is freaking awesome !
besides the food being amazing the service is exceptional .
oh and the falafel is amazing too !
i love this place- never judge a book by its cover .
super laid back , very friendly service .
my new go to place .
fantastic food !
great service !
good prices !
my favorite restaurant !
neat little market , friendly service and great pricing .
food is great !
service is awesome !
still great food ... prices have gone up a bit .
the chicken shawarma is as good as it gets .
all i can say is ... wow .
the flavor of the beef and chicken shawarma was magical .
highly recommend it .
husband and i absolutely love the food here .
my favorites are the cashew and the pistachio .
so good .
we always make it a point to bring friends from out of town here .
some of the best middle eastern food in the valley .
the people are absolutely lovely .
in a light dressing with herbs ) is perfect with it .
my favorite place to eat gyros !
so delicious , and a really good deal .
greek salad with chicken was delicious !
the chicken was slightly dry but other than that it was great !
the employees are also super friendly and nice .
they also have a huge selection of frames - many very reasonably priced .
i will be back !
great little dive bar with a great cast of patrons .
if you are looking for dive bar welcome to the deep end !
my favorite bar in the _num_ .
great service and a must see if you love dive bars .
love the owners , they are my family !
it 's like being at a house party !
stopped in for a drink after a long bike ride .
i will definitely be heading there again soon .
we love this place !
the bartender is great , and the drinks are cheap .
it is a cash only bar , so keep that in mind .
great calm vibe and incredibly inexpensive drinks !
the is the best dive bar ever .
the staff and service is impeccable .
the price is right !
best chinese food in mesa .
it will make the hairs in your nose stand up .
a great neighborhood chinese restaurant , and my favorite !
best chinese food in the valley .
this has been a favorite lunch spot of mine for over ten years .
golden gate is about as good as it gets in phoenix .
love it !
i am so happy with this place !
it 's pretty standard chinese food , but a nice , intimate atmosphere .
terrific chinese cuisine , in a very pleasant sit down setting .
probably the best chinese we have ever had in the entire valley .
i highly recommend the golden gate beef !
delicious !
finally i found good chinese on the east side .
golden gate has some pretty yummy food .
def one of the better if not my best of the east valley .
the owners are very welcoming and its a nice quiet place .
wow !
will be back !
very warm and tasteful place .
sue still remembers us ( as do her wonderful waitresses ! )
i still recommend the golden gate beef .
also got to go celebrate the chinese new year there once .
winning .
i love this place .
food is priced right , portions are ample , and tasty .
i 'm always excited to go and always happy that i went .
keep up the good work !
this place is sooooo amazing !
the owner is so sweet as well .
it 's authentic , delicious , and really reasonably priced , too .
food : excellent .
everything i 've tried has been great .
service : excellent .
always my go-to chinese .
i love this place .
it 's always delicious and never disappoints .
i love this place and will not go anywhere else .
wow !
this place is the real thing .
a great favorite of ours .
service is constantly friendly .
food is of excellent quality and portions are huge .
i highly recommend golden gate chinese restaurant .
they always serve hot tea to the table and the service is very attentive .
come it at lunch you will be amazed how far your dollar goes !
thank you golden gate for the wonderful birthday dinner .
the prices are extremely fair .
i recommend this restaurant to anyone .
good chinese food .
we will continue to come back .
food is always good and fairly priced .
will be back again soon i 'm sure .
great neighborhood chinese restaurant .
very tasty authentic food .
very well cooked and tasty , the garlic chicken is delicious .
very quick , fresh and so much food .
great value .
this place has great food !
i will definitely be back !
the best restuarant in the valley .
sue the owner walks around and talks to the people .
our favorite waitress is annie .
excellent customer service .
we have been looking for a good chinese restaurant for years !
the food and service was excellent .
the restaurant is comfortable and clean .
we would recommend the golden gate to friends and family .
food is still excellent .
service is great !
it has become a weekly outing !
everything we tried was tasty and had us very satisfied !
the owner is so sweet and friendly .
the lunch special is awesome !
also go with golden gate special beef !
i like that it brings back good memories every time .
the food is good and we order a couple of dishes to share .
i really like the crab angels and happy platter as well .
the hot tea is free and the service on water refills is spot on .
i recommend the snow white chicken for sure .
i really love this place !
the meals are very generous and full of taste .
the food and service are consistently good .
the portions are served family style and there is always extra .
left overs are great the next day .
this place is my most favorite chinese restaurant .
she told us that she has all the answers !
all was amazing and this is a must go to place !
photos added !
definitly a family favorite !
food is delicious and affordable !
always full and happy after golden gate !
the portions are big , which is good since we have a big family .
it 's definitely not the best place that i have been .
but the food was good and the service was good .
very attentive and they make sure you have everything you need .
it 's a great family atmosphere .
a great traditional chinese food restaurant .
always so delicious and dependable !
this place is the real deal !
outstanding in every way always .
ordered some delicious take-out from golden gate tonight .
the food was great and the ladies who served us were extremely friendly .
such nice folks .
great homemade dumplings !
the dumplings ( and the wonderful staff ) are the stars .
the food here is really good and reasonably priced .
this is definitely one of our favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
we always get a few happy platters to split .
they give you hot tea that 's also pretty tasty .
very tasty food .
the banana desert they give is really good .
service is always great , whether you dine in or take out .
best chinese food in phoenix !
amazing restaurant !
i really like this place .
good food and good atmosphere for dine-in .
i 've tried a few different dishes that i have enjoyed .
the main dishes is what i enjoyed most .
the food was fresh and flavorful and inexpensive .
best chinese restaurant in the valley !
all entrees are top quality .
service is attentive and friendly .
i highly recommend this awesome place !
they have a wonderful chef !
food was fast , hot , and delicious !
the owner personally came to our table to see how satisfied we were !
clean restroom , which is always a good sign at a restaurant .
hot tea was fresh .
portions are perfect size for lunchtime price .
the owner sue is super friendly and cute .
bummer , because the rest was great !
everything is always hot and delicious .
the broccoli in garlic sauce is delicious and the pork fried rice is amazing !
all of this is free !
it was amazing !
great food , and awesome service !
fried rice and chow mien was perfect !
my family loves eating at golden gate .
food is great and reasonably priced .
we enjoy supporting this local , family owned business .
highly recommended !
depending what you order , it can be very delicious or just good food .
i love the lunch specials , they are always very delicious to me .
plus the service is always good and friendly .
super good food !
also the service is extraordinary !
absolutely delicious !
fast and very friendly service .
this is seriously one of my favorite chinese restaurants .
so good !
it 's a classic staple and the owner is always there and so sweet !
i love golden gate !
this is a cute little restaurant that i will always come back to !
the service is always great and sue the owner is wonderful !
the food is delicious and the portions are decent sized .
it 's a good deal for the amount and quality of food you get .
this place is good !
food came out quick and they always came by for refills .
great food !
the best sweet & sour sauce !
the food is delicious and the staff is very friendly .
great service and atmosphere !
a proper chinese restaurant with excellent service and ambience .
places to get treatment but overall an impressive first visit to the mesa location .
i love this place !
both amazing , and to me a facial is more relaxing than a massage .
everyone can hold their own with care , skill , and experience .
i had a wonderful experience here .
walking in the atmosphere is very warm and relaxing .
the air carries a light scent of essential oils and soft music .
tara is very sweet and you can tell she really cares about her clients .
i highly recommend this spa and tara !
highly recommend the healing arts day spa !
best massage ever !
she has super strong hands as well .
thank you !
i booked a deep tissue massage with tamara today .
it was a fabulous experience .
the studio is clean and comfortable and tamara was friendly , but professional .
all i can is amazing !
best massage we 've ever had !
healing arts has it all .
serene , beautiful rooms .
and incredible value .
i love it .
i had my first facial here with tara and was incredibly impressed .
the spa was tranquil and tara has impeccable skill .
i will certainly be returning !
absolutely a beautiful gated community .
this is a great place to live !
maintenance staff is great .
his staff is super friendly .
love my hair !
she was so sweet to talk to and my hair looks amazing .
the atmosphere is upbeat and prices are great .
my stylist is becky and i am very happy with the service .
thank you to all the staff for their friendliness and consideration .
she was very friendly and talkative .
i love it !
they did offer me a soda , which is nice !
she listened and did everything to perfection .
thank you hair attractions !
my stylist traci did a great job !
she knew a lot about hair and the cut was great .
bought the groupon for this place to check it out .
the stylist did an awesome job with my cut .
she was very sweet and a total perfectionist !
absolutely love my cut by her !
she was very nice and attentive , and really listened to what i wanted .
she did a very good job for a very reasonable price .
she also did full highlights on my hair and they turned out great !
i love my hair and love this salon !
i love this place !
my hair came out amazing !
my stylist name was unique .
lovely cheerful and down to earth lady .
highly recommend her !
i just had another fantastic haircut with chelsea !
best cut and color i 've ever had !
definitely made this big girl feel beautiful !
staff was beyond friendly too !
she did an awesome job !
salon was very clean and everyone was friendly .
i will be going back to see chelsea for sure !
she is so friendly and does a wonderful job !
i 've been going to hair attractions for years .
she has done a great job on my color and cuts .
she has always been very kind and attentive .
traci did an amazing job with my hair .
she is wonderful and the salon itself has a very comfortable atmosphere .
loved my experience here .
very attentive and listened to what i wanted .
love hair stylist .
it 's a more dated salon , but friendly service nonetheless .
unique is a sweetheart , and very personable .
she is pleasant to talk with also .
erin was amazing !
the salon was such a nice environment , everyone was friendly and sweet too .
she does a great job cutting and blow drying my hair .
highly recommend her !
i 've gone here quite a bit and they are always awesome .
they do some crazy designs and it always looks great .
mimi is so cute will be back soon !
i love this place .
took our daughter as well before and she loved it .
also had a bridal party get nails done and everyone left very satisfied .
food wise ... chips and salsa are soo frickin good .
i 've been going here for years and will continue to do so .
also this one is better than the one on university .
highly recommended .
their fish tacos are great - marinated not battered and friend .
everytime i visit arizona , i have to eat here !
their machaca beef chimichangas are excellent !
top it off with their margaritas is even better .
their free salsa and chips are so good too !
great family atmosphere .
i love this place .
the chips and salsa are always fresh and tasty .
i keep going here .
better than the one on university .
delicious salty chips and _num_ different salsas .
great food !
my family has been dining here for years .
i crave it constantly !
massive drinks is always a bonus .
one of my favorites for salsa and excellent margaritas !
the food was most excellent !
especially for the price .
it 's authentic and spicy .
great salsa and many choices .
tamale is one of the best anywhere .
salsa is perfect .
service is top notch .
i , go there for the best red chile in town !
they take care of their customers and always serve great food .
great drinks as well .
high _num_ !
good salsa and chips and the dinners were good as well .
lot a food and carried home leftovers .
friendly staff .
i love rosita 's !
this is always our go to for authentic mexican food that does n't disappoint .
great authentic mexican food .
i love their tamales , tacos , and enchiladas .
their cheese crisp is a good appetizer .
their menu is impressive , with a wide range of things to choose .
this is one of those places i hold very close to heart .
old school , arizona style mexican cuisine at its finest .
so tonight for happy hour all bottled beer _num_ and well drinks _num_ bucks .
give this place a go if you 're in the area !
always had good food and service .
food and service is excellent !
we loved jessie , our server !
arizona soul food .
love the food and atmosphere .
a great old school mexican joint .
waitress jessie is very friendly and informative .
food is good ( had enchiladas ) .
from what i saw , the restaurant is clean .
my family and i love coming to rosita 's .
i like most everything here .
chips and salsa are the best .
i would definitely recommend to anyone looking for great mexican food .
this place is an arizona classic .
always go with the top shelf , you wo n't regret it !
it 's the best !
the chips and salsa and hot sauce is the best too .
great food , good service and fair prices .
interior could use updating , but the foods some of the best around .
we had great service from jordan .
check it out !
love the salsa and the food also a fun place to celebrate your birthday .
we always sit in the lounge and we love it !
it is an amazing hole in the wall mexican joint .
good service and good food .
the beef chimi was amazing .
the food and service was great .
i had the enchilada special and that was delicious .
the waitress and waiter were very nice .
i brought my wife and mother in law for lunch .
love their food !
hey everyone !
today , i was very satisfied with the service and the awesome food .
i will certainly go back and eat their .
the staff was very friendly and very helpful .
i was very happy !
i enjoyed my car shopping experience there !
jon is my service advisor & he is honest & so helpful !
he 's really a great guy & will take care of you .
i recommend him all the time !
they quoted me a price over the internet on a new car .
we drove _num_ hours to get there and it was well worth the drive .
very happy with the respect and customer service which was given .
it was fast and smooth .
i highly recommend asking for him .
i loved my car .
needless to say , they made it work .
thanks guys !
vanessa always takes care of me .
got a trim and brow wax .
hair cut was done very well and very easy .
my stylist was very good at what she is doing .
i really enjoyed my experience today .
very professional and actually listens to what her clients want !
great beef fried rice at a good price .
its a full meal in itself .
i love this place .
they have the best egg rolls and sesame seed chicken ever !
excellent food , great prices .
definitely check it out .
i relieved excellent care & my tummy looks great .
they talked me through everything and definitely helped ease my nerves .
this school has the best reputation for real estate courses in the state .
i also recommend the exam prep cd .
teachers are knowledgeable , nice , and always willing to answer questions .
i highly recommend !
enjoyed several of the instructors i had during my _num_ week program .
great group to work with .
the instructors are all very professional , knowledgeable and available to help .
she was very helpful and encouraging , which gave me more confidence .
thank you .
perfect !
i love this location !
super friendly service .
they have really good friendly stylists and recommendations .
done and done .
great customer service .
it 's a clean environment .
the staff very friendly and nice especially kim and henry .
long way from ca to az with my business .
long way from ca to az with my business .
i love this place !
the work was excellent quality as well !
tony did an amazing job -- my nails look great !
i will definitely be returning !
though i 'm a guy , they really made the experience comfortable .
their other customers knew them well and spoke highly of them .
they were right - they 're good !
my nails are healthy and clean .
their shop is clean and the staff is respectful .
they offer a great deal .
friendly staff , great customer service , and great prices !
a great place to relax and enjoy myself .
clean shop and nice people .
they offer a wide variety of snow gear and also some water sports gear .
great store for the gear geek in all of us .
overall , superb shopping experience .
the ski clothes are adorable and trendy .
count me in !
great service .
really love this place !
i have only ever had great experiences here !
awesome people who are trained well in the industry .
i would recommend this place to anyone looking for fun .
pat has been a tremendous asset for us .
great service .
highly recommend !
this is the best store i 've ever been to for ski equipment .
she continued to show me more stuff and made me feel really welcome .
the sales team is really helpful and available .
i highly recommended checking this place out .
very helpful people who are passionate about adventure sports !
friendly and extremely helpful staff .
great place .
they can be a little over priced but the help you get is amazing .
the best !
the best service , seriously !
what a great asset to the company .
they did the job , the nails looked good .
i was helped immediately by mat in a very friendly and professional manner .
service was above a _num_ !
i would recommend them highly !
great job and prompt service .
thanks for a great job .
very high quality work .
i will definitely be going back !
highly recommended !
jill at the front desk was very friendly she took great care of me .
i have lived here for _num_ years and i love it !
best apartment i 've ever had .
dude this place is awesome !
the prices are great !
great used wax , friendly , set up is great .
cool record store , tons of other rock items .
will go back for sure !
thank you very much .
both girls working today we 're very nice and friendly .
went to this shop today and the lady who was there was awesome !
the girls that were working today we 're all very nice and friendly .
always have what we need for a reasonable price .
happy every time !
this place is right by my office .
staff is very nice and attentive .
is an okay place .
overall good place to gas up , get snacks and drinks .
i love their drink prices !
a plus !
this place is amazing .
their selection is outstanding , and their prices are very reasonable .
just got done shopping and had a great experience .
a little on the pricey side , but excellent stuff overall .
i love the staff at bubbles of joy .
very friendly and helpful .
i so love this place !
this place is simply fantastic !
amazing place !
the staff always goes above and beyond .
there are so many great options .
prices are reasonable and they 're always very friendly and helpful !
we 'll definitely be back next year !
always a very helpful and friendly staff year round !
i 've gone there many times and will continue to do so !
they not only had one but they had one that fit my head !
awesome .
the staff was extremely helpful & helped us .
john and kenny understand service and make it easy to use their company .
very honest , friendly and reliable group of people we 've ever met !
great customer service and fantastic job on our vehicles !
definitely recommend you to our friends and family !
consistently great service !
highly recommend .
don stay cool out there & thank you .
these guys are all about the customer and it really shows .
you will be in the kindest and most capable hands anywhere .
they were friendly , warm , reassuring , and professional .
i do n't care , cause carl 's is good stuff .
it was freaking delicious .
but it 's worth it .
match made in heaven .
so excited !
i love this store .
i love how they label their sizes too .
favorite plus size store !
this is a very good deal on contacts and glasses !
you are getting a good price and decent service .
i definitely recommend this place to anyone on a budget !
i was pleasantly surprised .
i hope the good customer service continues .
my technician was friendly and made me feel at ease .
all in all a good experience and a good pair of glasses .
i had an amazing experience , for so cheap !
thank you .
the area , the value , the apartment and the staff are all good .
i have a two bedroom two bath floor plan and i love it .
i love the fact that we have two dog parks .
i would highly recommend this complex .
i love this nail salon !
the women who run it are very nice and they play decent music .
i recommend them to anyone looking for a cost friendly salon .
impressed !
i highly recommend this company for your garage door issues .
the person i had talked to was very informative , pleasant , and helpful .
thank you for you quick , professional , friendly service !
very happy customer here .
great work fixing it , and a good price .
happy with the service .
thanks mike !
we appreciate this kind of reliable and pleasant service .
i was impressed !
great staff and food : - ) .
first visit here .
very good .
great fresh bread in many varieties .
service is always good .
i have n't done that yet , but it always looks & smells great .
terrific when picked up in the am .
pretty good homemade bread products .
, because this place is amazing .
everything was perfect !
i 'll definitely be back soon !
very good place !
their sandwiches are great too .
love this place !
these guys are good .
friendly employees and they offer military and i believe veterans discounts .
excellent service !
great customer service during the day monday through saturday .
wonderful staff in a state of the art office .
top notch .
hard to believe - but he makes going to the dentist a pleasure !
highly , highly recommend !
the office is always clean , the staff is very pleasant and helpful .
ps my root canal went very well !
i have seen both offices , and everything is top notch in my book .
5/5 - _num_ % satisfaction - highly recommended !
his staff is caring and professional .
pain free , efficient and incredibly nice people .
i will definitely be going back there for future dental work !
he is gentle , kind and patient .
he thoroughly answered all my questions so that i can clearly understand my procedure .
i especially like his nice queen creek location .
i definitely would recommend him !
he makes sure you are comfortable and he 's very gentle .
the staff are all very nice .
i 'm glad i was recommended to him and i 'd definitely recommend him .
the place is very clean and very nice inside .
in each case , the service was very professional but friendly .
i will continue to do business with them on a regular basis .
great local source for silver , gold and coins !
pizza is always hot , wings always fresh .
i 've been using pro tax for _num_ years and they are fantastic !
they make filing a easy and offer sound tax advice that is straight forward .
great staff , reasonable prices , easy to get around .
fuel points are great too .
great store , with great customer service .
their stores are always clean and bright .
it turned out great .
we would highly recommend royal covers to bring you some shade in sunny arizona !
their employees were kind and knowledgeable , and provided timely answers to our questions .
so worth it !
pete was perfect .
perfect pete is what we were calling him .
we will be loyal customers .
very helpful staff .
the products are fabulous and worth the money .
they 've worked amazingly well in particular on scorpions and roaches outside .
i highly recommend this store .
some good guys at this place .
its the best stuff out there and takes care of everything else too .
thanks guys !
the teppanyaki is truly as much about the show as the dinner .
and speaking of dinner , it is worth the trip alone .
we both ordered the steak and what a great meal it was .
they are so awesome and friendly .
overall this is a great sushi joint .
fresh , clean , and service is awesome .
the prices are a little high but it 's worth it .
it was appreciated on a cool winter night .
teppanyaki tables are available for the less adventurous palate .
good food .
boston roll was pretty good , but the teppanyaki was great .
he made an excellent meal and entertained the entire table .
we 'll definitely go back .
we 've been here twice and both times have been great !
had some wonderful sushi !
all fantastic .
kind service .
pleasing environment .
i highly recommend this place .
and the sushi is always great .
love this restaurant .
very attentive service , owner extremely nice and the chefs very fun .
would definitely recommend alex !
and recommend sharing a meal .
the best food ever !
brandon is the chef to request he puts on a great show .
it melted in my mouth .
also the shrimp is great .
service was amazing and they were fun to talk with .
i love this place !
they have great sushi and the food is awesome .
come see how good it is !
the chef is really interactive with the table which makes it all worth it !
it 's pretty good .
awesome lunch specials , clean , nice staff , no complaints .
their spicy tuna is really good .
food was delicious , show was lots of fun .
happy father 's day !
always good good .
he is their best chef by far .
i will definitely come here again .
i have been coming here for years and the food has always been delicious .
it made me look at ah so in a new light .
this place , by far is my favorite place in town to eat .
food was amazing !
loved the show .
loved the fact that i could make reservations here on valentine 's weekend .
steak and shrimp are mouth watering .
the group atmosphere is fun and interesting .
definitely will be coming back .
it was frickin ' cool .
never before have my kids ever been so entertained while eating at a restaurant !
oh yah , and the food was great too !
friendly faces and a great show put on by the chefs .
the sushi is great too !
location is great right on baseline and gilbert .
have n't been to their other locations , but this one is great .
staff is very kind and food was fresh and perfectly prepared .
great all around experience .
very delicious wings and sam the bartender , very personable .
felt comfortable in the surroundings .
nice place .
so yes , it is creamy and delicious and very far from florida .
both locations are very nice .
it 's worth it for the food though !
the sandwiches are great !
but the frozen custard is better !
try my favorite concrete : strawberry & caramel .
this is a cute little shop with a 50s diner feel .
i have never had bad service and the place stays really clean .
one of a kind around here .
classic .
great ice cream .
can take a while to get good .
we ordered from a really nice young man and received our treat quite fast .
we are all stuffed afterwards but happy .
the best service you 'll find in town .
go check it out !
it was great .
this is one of my favorites .
they have quite a few rental guns and some pretty friendly staff .
range time + ammo is reasonable .
great retail store also , i liked the various books on women and shooting .
thank you also to staff member jason .
nice range , knowledgeable and friendly staff and nice selection .
my first time at the range and it was a fun experience .
the range master ( is that what you call them ? )
was extremely friendly and assisted me until i felt comfortable shooting .
after i got the hang of it , it was a blast .
definitely will be back !
had a really good time here !
staff is very helpful .
great shooting range with on par prices .
i 'll return for sure .
i 'm a big fan of this place .
love ladies night !
great shooting tips and friendly staff .
happy to return week after week !
he also shared some knowledge with me about cleaning tips .
thanks again paul .
i will definitely be back !
great customer service !
i will definitely be coming back .
it is what it is .
it is a gun range .
this is a solid place , good prices , always stocked with most ammo .
what a great date day experience .
the staff here is friendly and extremely knowledgeable , and very patient .
all in all , it is a solid place .
the environment is comfortable and the material presented in an interesting manner .
very friendly and helpful staff .
love this place !
pollo fundido !
chimis galore !
very inexpensive for great food .
i actually appreciate getting my own chips and salsa !
i recommend the machaca burro , and my husband loves their chile relleno .
the price is reasonable , and the staff are friendly .
try this little place , worth the trip .
their chips and salsa are good .
chips are nice and crispy .
one of my most favorite mexican places !
i love the outdoor patio and the chairs and couches inside are always comfy .
i really liked this location !
keep up the good work !
as good as the average starbucks .
coffee is perfect as i expected .
this place has the best service with great coffee and food .
their staffs were friendly and so helpful .
definitely , i will be back .
my membership is ending in a couple of weeks .
this is a good location .
this gym is pretty old but everything is well maintained .
staff is friendly .
this is a gym , the way it 's supposed to be .
love this place .
great rates for what i need and nothing i do n't .
represents the gold 's chain well !
filled with weights galore and good equipment all around .
love coming here .
everyone is real friendly .
very popular place .
i really enjoyed my experience here at this theatre on saturday .
theatre was clean , staff was friendly and helpful .
yikes .
tells you how much i go to the movies .
this is the most extraordinary theater i 've ever been to .
i love this place .
clean !
great theater seating with high views of a big screen .
i saw the mechanic there this week and had an overall pleasant experience .
the sound system in the theater we were in was great .
clear and crisp .
the movie quality was also good .
yep , definitely one of the better theaters in the valley .
score !
it was so cool .
wow this is a really nice place .
i will go back to this theatre for sure .
it 's a nice theater .
this place is close to my house so i love it .
great place if you want to take the family to dinner and a movie .
the seating is nice and the sound quality is great .
love this theater .
love this place !
came here for the opening night of evil dead .
nice people work here .
nice people see movies here .
loved every movie experience i 've had here .
life is all good .
clean and friendly staff .
this is a real legit theater .
good for people who like not so crowded theaters .
it is clean and the kids who work here are always nice .
we love this theater .
very clean and well kept but a little hard to find .
here is what is good about this place - no lines !
the bathrooms are clean and well stocked whenever i have used them .
thank you !
this location had easy parking and seats were clean .
it was recovered with all cash , credit cards , and gift cards inside !
: ) very honest people working here !
very nice theater and the seating was comfortable and cool .
sound was fabulous and the staff very friendly .
this place is always great !
thank you for making the changes !
up to date movies .
i will definitely be back !
awesome reclining seats .
very comfortable !
it looks like the renovations are complete and it looks great .
if you can get past that , it 's a great theater experience .
beautiful new theater with a great staff .
i also enjoyed being in the movie theatre .
great reclining seats and very clean .
very comfy , modern and lots of parking space .
great reclining seats !
enjoyed the nice leather reclining seats .
this location never fails , i love this place .
first time visitor ; love , love , love this theatre !
wow , what a treat .
my new favorite theatre !
i go to this theatre constantly .
my new favorite place to see a movie .
love the reclining chairs !
the staff is always friendly and i love their sales .
take an extra moment to make sure you know how to get there .
great group of people who are willing to help !
very happy with the service i received !
thank you !
the people were super nice , helpful , and knowledgeable .
great place and great people .
very friendly people and great equipment .
fair pricing .
kindness , real people , care .
he is great .
the price at $ _num_ is the best in the valley .
i highly recommend this office .
i 'm so glad i found this place !
such a great price for how much they care .
always a pleasant experience !
who cares , that 's a good sign .
i really like this place .
the service was great and will definitely be going back .
great pizza and great staff .
very good pesto cream pasta !
erin was a great server .
enjoyed a fun visit with a big group of friends recently .
service was excellent and food was perfect size for all of us to share .
great atmosphere , drinks , and menu selection .
love the off the menu option of mussels !
absolutely delicious and the wait staff rocks !
will be back !
the service has always been friendly and we like the food .
i 'm glad they are generous with their fresh bread !
love this place .
the atmosphere is crazy cool and the food is good .
the dishes are large and leave plenty to eat the next day .
have made this our regular weekly place to eat .
staff is friendly and service is good .
first time here and we really enjoyed ourselves .
everyone definitely left full .
good food and good service .
our daughter had a wedding reception dinner at this location on sat .
the food was delicious , hot and fresh .
i would recommend this location to anyone .
buca di beppo is a great place to go for a family dinner .
i loved it .
good food .
humongous servings and good taste .
spaghetti with meatballs and penne with added shrimp , really good .
we had a great experience here from start to finish .
we shared a small and had leftovers for dinner the next day .
love the warmth and decor of this place and hope to return sometime soon .
great place for large group , and food is tasty !
we had a fantastic experience .
the only extra we had was to have a wedding cake delivered .
our daughter , her husband and all attending had a wonderful experience .
we recommend it highly .
great food , huge portions .
great for a family or friends get together .
this place has very good food and definitely friendly servers .
our server was amazing .
he definitely deserves some stars .
overall great meal !
great meal , great service .
definitely will be back !
so their you have it .
finally a four star rating after many years of sampling .
i was brought here for a family meal & love it .
the atmosphere is fun and the food & service make me want to return .
thank you .
the food is really amazing .
the waiter was also incredibly helpful .
absolutely wonderful .
thank you annette , we will see you very soon .
great food with a fantastic atmosphere .
great job .
i would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family .
great food , family sized portions , not cheap but worth the price !
first time here and i will be back !
the people at pet smart were very friendly and clearly love dogs .
it 's the best haircut he has ever had .
this petsmart pet hotel is the best we have ever been to .
moreover , the manager , elliot , is the best .
i have always had very good customer service here .
the groomers are really nice .
nancy was soooooo nice !
she was very patient with my dog and he really likes her .
love all the girls that work in grooming .
they are so sweet and very professional .
rebecca did a fantastic job on my baby !
great food and fun .
and our kids love going there too .
awesome food .
the steaks are fresh and the atmostphere is fun and laid back .
peanut shells are everywhere and every now and then the waiters dance .
ribs are great , and i always eat too much .
love it !
overall , it is a good place to go .
this place will surely send you home on a full and satisfied stomach .
the ribs were definitely my favorite .
i really enjoyed the dinner rolls with the cinnamon butter .
it 's that killer sweet tooth that i just ca n't seem to kick .
excellent service .
the manager came by to welcome me as a first timer .
now that 's customer service !
totally delicious food .
great service , great environment , even better food .
a+ !
rib eye medium rare .
from the nuts to the steak , i 'm happy !
great service , great steak .
they also have an awesome pulled pork sandwich as well .
the service and the atmosphere are both fun and energetic .
i love this place .
the food is always delicious and cooked to perfection .
i was pleasantly surprised .
the employees are courteous ( and attractive ) and the service is fast .
large portions , great service , love the juke box !
this is the first time i ordered prime rib here .
i also really like the rolls !
my children loves this place .
best steaks at a reasonable price .
they are so tender and moist !
salads and side dishes are good as well .
best idea ever !
always greeted with a smile and the service is solid .
i love thier salads !
my sirloin came out really delicious i was pretty happy and enjoyed it !
great place !
food delicious !
he is superb and better than any waitstaff we have ever had there .
love their ribs .
much better than getting the whole appetizer which is always to much food .
our server this weekend was great .
very attentive and fast .
the prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get .
what a perfect lunch .
i was amazingly pleased .
we love it .
it 's the best steaks ever .
we love this place .
our first experience at texas roadhouse was delightful .
emily , our server , provided perfect recommendations .
everything was perfect .
definitely go here again .
love their food !
their bread and butter is delicious , be careful !
awesome value , great food and they put out great coupons .
great bread as well !
staff is always happy to help you .
sit at the bar and enjoy dinner ... .
this is a very popular location and there will be a wait .
this place is always crowded .
i like the warm rolls and honey butter that you get served right away .
the salad with blue cheese is also good .
great food .
great waitress .
i love to see them dance in the aisles and enjoy their jobs .
amazing !
loved every minute there !
jam packed because it 's that good !
excellent place .
one of our favorite places to eat .
the staff is great and friendly and helpful .
the warm rolls and honey butter is to die for .
we love the steak and ribs that they serve .
it 's always great .
texas road house has some of the best ribs i have ever eaten !
found this place by chance while visiting from out of state .
next time i 'm in town , will definitely stop by again .
love this place .
great steak !
well seasoned and really tender .
would recommend this place any time .
j happened to be right behind us and took care of it !
food was great !
steak had great flavor .
other then that ... we really enjoyed it .
and i eventually get the right temp .
they are very friendly !
great service from the start !
kudos for getting it right !
been here a few times and the food is always good .
the free rolls and honey butter were good .
our boys loved it .
all the entrees were good .
not the best obviously but good .
all in all we had a good experience .
everyone 's food came out perfect .
you 'll find great steaks here at a moderate price .
i loved the rolls and honey butter .
service was very attentive and friendly .
this is my fianc and i 's favorite place for steak !
my fianc and i both got steaks , both of which were cooked perfectly !
juicy and delicious .
awesome customer service and food every single time i visit !
i love it !
the food arrived hot and was delicious .
texas roadhouse made a lot of families and veterans happy .
katie made the veterans feel appreciated .
this is my favorite place for steak !
it is worth that price .
overall , i recommend this restaurant .
great place !
best .
they are really excellent !
they welcome you with a basket of warm , soft rolls .
my fiance really likes their blooming onion .
very good food here !
texas roadhouse is one of my favorite places for a great rib-eye steak .
they are friendly and i like how they treat veterans .
and we actually got our meals in good timing .
it 's a good place to go for a family dinner .
the place was packed !
the steak is really good ... especially smothered in onions !
i have always loved this place .
love this location .
best service and very friendly .
food is always good and on time .
you are a pleasure !
delicious food !
i always enjoy the food when i come to texas rd house .
last nights experience was pretty good .
instead they came hard with that strong raw white onion flavor .
our server was sweet and patient .
good service food was decent .
my favorite place .
good food , affordable prices and nice staff .
i 'm a frequent customer of this place .
my kids absolutely love coming here .
the place is always clean and everyone is very pleasant .
always a great place to come and visit .
highly recommended !
great food fun and people - always a great value .
it can get a little crowded but it is worth the wait .
call ahead seating is a great help .
everything was very good .
food is top notch here !
complimentary dinner rolls that come warm and buttered .
definitely coming back and recommend this location !
my buddy , matt took me this restaurant and it was great .
all around great food and great service .
it was so pleasant .
waitress waited on us just enough .
food was great .
server was good .
thank you for being so friendly .
amanda was our server and was amazing .
set us up with peanuts to go for our spring training game tomorrow .
the margaritas were fantastic .
the crowd enjoyed our rick flair tribute .
it was a fun night with great food !
great service , amazing food , reasonable prices .
great stuff for decent prices !
our waitress was super cool .
attentive , nice and sweet .
make sure you have your birthday dinner here ... surprise surprise !
kim always takes such good care of us .
perfectly cooked and just the right portion .
definitely on the return to list .
they 're always busy , but the service and food is spectacular !
this location is amazing .
i love it here and recommend it to everyone .
the jamaican cowboy margherita was fantastic !
my mom had the steak salad and said it was pretty delicious !
i had the cheeseburger and it was pretty good as well !
great environment !
my favorite is the sweet tea & the free rolls with cinnamon butter .
great food as always .
the help was great and very accommodating to us with kids .
this place is awesome .
she knows how i want my hair done and its cut pretty quickly .
i love taking my son here !
i am very satisfied with the service we receive here .
this place is amazing .
they are always clean & friendly .
great staff at every location .
i 'd recommend doing so if it fits in your budget .
love this tanning salon !
the best part .
the memories created with family and friends !
so so so much fun !
a+++ recommended !
we love the classes as well as the ability to paint independently .
i enjoyed going to this place with my daughter .
good atmosphere and the staff was friendly .
we love it , the kids think its fantastic .
also , try the glass , its so much fun and very different .
the staff is always very helpful and friendly .
fun place for alone creative time or for a family or group outing .
fun for everyone !
had a great time with my family !
great activity with kids and for custom gift options .
but by far the best bagels i have ever had .
i love the sauce on it .
my favorite bagel shop in the area .
the quality is great , and the keep the place clean .
i keep coming back .
einstein 's redeemed itself this morning !
please keep people like who were working this morning .
because of these ladies i 'll be back more often !
good bagels good coffee good people , enough said .
i know i will continue to come here twice a month .
thank you for caring about others needs .
they are awesome !
i have had two trips to lindsay 's auto and both have been great .
i felt completely comfortable with the level of service .
i know they are honest and do a great job .
sean really takes great care of me .
honest , reliable and fixed right the first time .
i trust sean to keep my trucks safe and reliable for my family .
thanks again !
they are all so nice and very helpful .
finally found car repair honest .
praise the lord !
he is by far the best auto mechanic i have ever dealt with .
he is good , honest , hard working , and stands behind his work .
food is always tasty .
the staff is , as always , friendly and helpful .
everything but the previously mentioned chicken chunks was fresh and tasty .
awesome food , awesome service .
great prices .
definitely coming again due to service .
vincent was a true delight during my parents last visit to this location .
courteous staff and good food .
sometimes we miss the egg casserole dish at breakfast - always was our favorite .
the employees are extremely friendly .
i recommend this place to all of my friends and co-workers .
especially when it is the middle of summer !
the place is hella cool .
the guys were so great they opened the place for us .
the kids had fun .
best laser tag in az .
the staff was fun and energetic which really made the experience great .
will definitely be coming back here for future events .
my kid loves this place .
the host was great , super sweet and accommodating .
the place was packed .
good time reasonable priced .
the pizza was great and in the end the price was great !
highly recommend and will be returning !
way to go , guys !
my kids always love coming here and they have great laser tag specials .
i personally love this place .
our company has been twice and it was so much fun .
love this place & so do my kids .
the employees are pretty nice & helpful too .
makes for a great adult date night as well !
keep in mind , they do half off drink and appetizers during happy .
it 's a good place to hang with friends for happy hour .
the service is good .
i love this place .
the service is good and the wait staff is very attentive .
awesome waiter .
took our orders and everything came out correctly .
nice friendly place .
always great service .
the food is really good .
definitely will be coming back !
still a great price for a well cooked chicken wing .
hey everyone has a first day and they did great .
i am always greeted with a smile .
me and my wife are regulars here !
we love applebee 's !
the sauce is just so damn good .
living in asia for _num_ years , this tastes pretty good !
i love local run shops !
i have been eating here for years and they are always great !
this is one place that no matter what the food is always great !
seriously good and good value .
like others said the crab angels are a must !
it was so worth it !
excellent : the # _num_ is the best !
it has all been good .
the crab angels are excellent as well !
fast , efficient , and yummy .
but besides that its good .
my husband and i love this place .
nice , quiet fast food place with room to sit and enjoy your meal .
very quick and friendly service .
their california rolls are also really good .
the food is good and it 's clean .
that works for me .
surprisingly good food , tucked in the mall close to the little einstein daycare .
i will definitely come back to eat in and to order take out !
first off i must say the portions and prices are amazing .
eat here at least twice a week !
best teriyaki sauce around .
great flavors , healthy , tons of protein .
this is by far one of the best places i have ever been .
the food is always scrumptious and its well priced .
it 's a clean , friendly family owned business with awesome food .
please note , they are closed on sundays .
great food .
the food was really good and the restaurant was clean and smelled amazing .
the staff was friendly and fast .
definitely eating here again .
super clean super fast and always yummy !
it 's been here forever - that should tell you something !
good food .
decent prices .
always fast service .
love the # _num_ it always hits the spot .
seems like that local family place that everyone likes .
i will definitely be back for more !
pretty good for quick asian food .
the crab angels are delicious and they have pretty decent chicken teriyaki .
good prices , fairly big portions , and nice people running the joint .
definitely a must try !
a gem in east central mesa .
but c is delicious as well .
the food here is always fresh and tasty .
highly recommended .
great service and quick to get the food out .
orange and house chicken is always good .
clean environment , good service , consistent food quality .
food here is always fresh and tasty !
just moved here _num_ months ago and so glad i found this joint !
everyone is always so friendly and great to deal with !
the food is outstanding and the best around !
by far the best , freshest , most authentic japanese food .
the food is fresh and made to order .
it 's always hot .
the staff is very friendly .
the restaurant is clean and kept up .
the price is awesome for the amount of food you get .
definitely a must try !
fresh and delicious !
great service and very helpful .
will be going back again !
one of the best places hands down !
great for lunch and dinner .
the best asian food in the valley !
the egg rolls are the very best !
i usually get the yakisoba which is delicious chow mien .
spoke with the owner and he 's very nice and hospitable .
absolutely amazing as always .
i absolutely love the food here and the employees .
the food was delicious and the services was amazing !
it tastes fresh with just the right amount of citrus flair .
the staff is also super friendly and nice !
thanks for always hitting a cuisine high spot for me !
absolutely love this place !
everything we have had has been great .
such a gem !
i 've eaten here for years , the quality and service are consistently great !
all great !
i highly recommend it to anyone who has n't tried it .
alex and his family do an incredible job !
friendly atmosphere , great food and fast .
crab angels are great , as are the california rolls and teriyaki .
you 'll feel good about yourself if you eat here .
love the food and the service is great always !
it has always been owner operated and has great service .
the food is still fantastic !
i love family owned , authentic restaurants !
everyone loved the food !
it was about a _num_ minute drive back but it still stayed piping hot !
he makes the sandwiches taste better just by the way he makes you laugh !
amazing as always .
fast service , great food !
i was extremely pleased with my breakfast this morning .
the service was quick and friendly , and the food was great !
fresh sushi and katsu .
everything is very fresh .
as for the special from the owner and see what they can make you .
it 's always creative .
service may be a bit slow but the quality is amazing .
great sushi rolls and salads ( try the squid ! )
it 's always nice to see asian sushi chefs working the counters .
but the food was fantastic .
love this place !
the chef really knows what he is doing .
it is always a hit every time i go there .
i truly love this place it is a great place for sushi !
the las vegas roll is my fav !
wonderful sushi , good prices .
their other meals are excellent as well .
i love sushi and i love this quaint tiny little place !
best sushi place in mesa ... hands down .
food and service great !
yum yum yum !
i love this place .
it tastes like comfort food and is always warm & fresh .
our absolute favorite place .
great miso soup .
fun regulars .
awesome sushi and service !
peter the chef is terrific and the owner is sweet and very nice !
love the place and we have had sushi all over the usa .
this is the best in the valley .
great sushi .
great food and service .
my friends and i were there for a birthday dinner .
the sushi was great .
the food and service were great both times we have been .
the prices and location are very reasonable as well .
we will definitely go back and we will be referring others .
this is a wonderful little gem in mesa .
everyone is friendly and attentive and the food is great .
i took my daughter here and she was impressed .
the sushi was delicious !
excellent food and the staff is very friendly !
its a great place for lunch or dinner .
sushi is fresh and beautiful .
tempura is outstanding .
teriyaki is fair .
lots of good deals on lunch specials .
best sushi by far .
i love the unagi don .
she was friendly and accomodating !
the food was good but we will be back for her service .
the best sushi restaurant in the east valley !
highly recommended , you want have any regret !
this is our favorite sushi spot .
fabulous las vegas rolls ( my favorite ! )
pretty good place .
good rice for good price .
good atmosphere .
good food .
come hungry leave happy .
both times the food was amazing and the portions were very generous !
the quality and quantity of the food makes up for it .
definitely coming here again !
love this place !
great sushi and great service .
definitely recommend !
very classy and clean facility .
relaxed and no rush atmosphere .
strongly recommend this sushi restaurant .
friendly and knowledgeable staff .
will be back again !
service and food are top notch .
this place is my favorite sushi spot in arizona .
the owner is very friendly and always remembers us .
try the phoenix roll it 's the best !
the food portion is very good.
the prices are good.
this is my favorite place for japanese food .
the prices are reasonable , the service is great and the food is wonderful !
had the spicy ninja specialty roll and loved the crunch and flavor !
get some spicy ninja power people .
amazing sushi , great atmosphere .
friendly staff .
a refreshing break from the canned chain sushi experience .
the quality is always excellent .
the staff is friendly and accommodating .
this place is a very nice mom and pop sushi restaurant .
it 's clean , authentic and very accommodating and romantic .
highly recommend for anyone with the love of sushi .
this place is a hidden gem !
the staff is very friendly and the sushi is amazing !
highly recommend this restaurant .
best sushi in the east valley for sure and probably the valley !
hands down one of the best .
we also love the staff .
always friendly , never had an issue .
i will keep going here again and again .
this is good sushi that is fairly reasonable .
the service is always excellent .
great dinner with hubby last night !
this place always has the freshest sushi at a great price .
very comfortable atmosphere , always enjoyable !
it is consistently good , and the staff is great !
the sashimi is fantastic , and the sushi rolls are excellent !
all in all a great place and their pricing is excellent .
might be my new favorite sushi spot ... great prices and huge portions !
super tiger roll and crunch roll were amazing !
las vegas was way better than other versions ... definitely a great spot !
white table cloths and friendly faces .
fish was fresh .
i always order sashimi .
it was superb .
a sweet little gem after finding my usual spot becoming inconsistent with their quality .
nice birthday deep fried tempura touch at the end .
ramen is great , specially for a sushi place .
yet another one of my regular stops .
always a calm and relaxing environment .
oh and the price is nice !
this wonderful gem was suggested to me by a client of mine .
the atmosphere is beautiful , cultural & tranquil .
perfect for dates , birthdays & family get togethers .
all were top shelf !
great service , great food , friendly atmosphere .
worth a try if you are a sushi lover .
i love this place .
it is small but nice .
the food is delicious all the times .
i would recommend this to my friends .
really good sushi spot !
the inside is nicely decorated with a pleasant atmosphere .
highly recommend trying it at least once .
some of the best sushi in town !
the price and service are equally amazing !
the staff is great and friendly and it is nice and quiet and cozy .
prices are very good and always get great sushi .
the deluxe boat and las vegas roll are just perfect to split .
probably my new favorite spot !
really good !
this place is really good all around .
the sushi was really fresh and the noodles were perfect !
the staff was very nice .
it is a little hidden but that kind of adds to the atmosphere .
the food was amazing , service was great and the price was even better .
they have some amazing sushi here .
the rolls are a lot bigger .
nice atmosphere and never had a complaint .
definitly worth the drive and the money .
i love my nails .
i had a great experience here today .
i will be going back !
i had a great experience at sunset nails !
it is under new ownership and the service and staff was wonderful and friendly .
it was affordable and the hot stone massage was amazing !
will definitely be returning !
the ladies at the front office are just wonderful .
if someone is looking for a place to live i definitely recommend this complex .
the space in the apartment is awesome too .
i have a friend that moved in last june .
i am really impressed with the apartments and grounds .
the customer service in the leasing office was very friendly and welcoming .
also got a cute design as well !
reasonable prices and excellent service .
this is my new favorite spot .
two thumbs up .
they are very nice and try to make you comfortable .
they are friendly , i like my nails and pedi 's .
best nail place i have ever been too .
they recently expanded and the place is beautiful !
prices are reasonable & the staff is very friendly .
it 's so nice !
every time i come here they always do such a good job !
this place is amazing !
nancy is absolutely amazing .
truly love her when it comes to nails she 's a perfectionist !
they 're also very friendly from beginning to start .
tj was great and i am so happy to have hot water again .
awesome and quick service .
this is our 3rd time using them and i will definitely call them again .
these guys were great .
very professional and reasonably priced .
great fabrics and supplies too .
home fabrics has a great selection of fabric that got me excited !
this place always has great fresh tex-mex !
the best food and service ever at baja fresh .
he did a fantastic job .
clean store with an enthusiastic staff .
we will definitely come back .
the thing that sets this particular location apart from the rest is the staff .
stephanie is the best thing to happen to this branch and any bank .
chase has seriously won me over .
great job , chase !
= ) go tj 's !
i love trader joe 's !
the place is clean and the people are friendly .
it 's right next to michaels which is also great .
i enjoy that their food has higher quality ingredients than the regular grocery store .
everything about it makes me happy .
their products are also pretty inexpensive on top of that .
this place is the best !
prices are decent .
the wife loves the wine pricing !
great store for finding specialty items .
trader joe 's is great .
the staff is always friendly and they look like they genuinely enjoy their jobs !
the manager , lauren , is wonderful !
the selection is great , and i can find affordable , healthy options !
trader joe 's has great food , friendly staff and the store is clean !
consistently good customer service on any returns .
the sample chefs are engaging , fun and have a great variety of recipes .
great selection of food and beverage products .
i love shopping here .
it 's small , convenient and the staff is remarkably helpful .
it 's fresh and fabulous .
the staff is always kind and helpful .
very friendly staff and a clean store .
good wine and beer selection as well .
love trader joe 's !
staff is always super friendly and has a genuine interest in helping others .
the staff is friendly and helpful , too .
good stuff .
one of my favorite places to shop at !
this is my favorite trader joe 's store .
love the layout and the employees .
i love trader joe 's !
i really like picking up unique food items at great prices !
everything has been delicious !
i also love the large selection of cheeses !
this tj 's is no different and i love it .
be nice and they 'll share their favorites with you too !
a great tj 's in what can often be a food desert .
customer service is stellar , products are fantastic and this location is very clean !
( so good !
i would _num_ % recommend trader joe 's , i love this place !
trader joes always has the freshest you can get .
if you 're a health nut then you will love this store .
i love so many of their items .
the place is nice .
this is nice trader joe 's .
this tj 's is pretty nice .
love this place !
they offer a variety of organic foods and in fall they have pumpkin everything !
love this trader joes !
i love how everything is just neat and well kept .
the way that this place makes sure you are happy with your products .
love love love this trader joes !
everyone is super nice .
they know me and they always talk to my kids .
that 's customer service at its finest .
they made our shopping experience pleasant and fun .
prices are great !
the sample area always has great ideas for meals .
all the staff has always been so friendly and helpful .
i love this place , been shopping here for years .
love the people and the samples !
the end caps are the best !
great selection of unique items .
trader joe 's is my favorite place for grocery shopping .
products are fresh and they stand behind everything they sell .
the staff is outstanding .
there is always a staff member available .
people are friendly and the food has always been fresh .
registers open up as it gets busier .
love trader joes !
the store is very well kept .
the store is clean and well organized .
the prices are reasonable for organic food .
i am a fan !
the best ; most friendly , helpful , happy associates ever !
this place must have really turned around !
i see dr. wright and he is absolutely amazing !
oh , and my dog loves dr .
the service was solid , and i will definitely be back to this location .
they have the best chianti i 've ever had as well as the bruchetta !
was here over the holidays and had a remarkable time with the family .
service was incredibly attentive .
the table , affordable and very delicious .
good food , with kid friendly atmosphere !
we went here on father 's day and had a very enjoyable meal .
the service was great .
for a chain , i really love the macaroni grill .
the chocolate cake is also delicious !
the food and drinks are delicious and the staff , especially cody , rocks !
very nice and super entertaining !
cody and joe kept us laughing the whole time !
the waiters here are very fun and quick to serve us .
food service and ambience were all great !
still pretty good though .
i can confirm , best happy hour in the land .
cool bartenders .
tasty happy hour menu .
great find !
very sweet and delicious .
the rest of the menu looked great , too .
we 'll definitely be coming back !
while the office is not real fancy , it was clean and efficient .
out experience was perfect as so was the cost .
do n't let the discount price fool you , this place is top notch .
i highly recommend this place , for both the price and quality of service .
worth the wait !
thank you for the efficient service !
makes the process extremely easy .
i definitely recommend taking your fur baby 's here .
almost finished it all and very good , great service and pleasant .
we got there before the dinner rush and got a great booth .
it was so good !
enjoy !
they were great .
food came out timely and was hot and tasty .
everything else was fresh .
all of our food was great and our service was awesome !
i will be back for sure !
chilis has really stepped up their service and quality of food .
we are regulars so the change is service is noticeable .
our server was very friendly and we love the chips and salsa !
we always do !
other then this one time service is great .
awesome service .
nice place to eat when we come up to visit family .
we always sit in the bar for happy hour .
the food was hot and tasty .
waitress was attentive and the food was good and very speedy .
but really we enjoyed our server the most .
food was good , service was good .
definitely recommend this location .
this is a lot of food .
my family is very happy with the service and the food .
the service was great and the food was delicious !
highly recommended .
baby back ribs with dr. pepper sauce is awesome !
highly recommend this location !
staff is friendly and restaurant is clean .
i am in love with their original fish taco !
the service is always friendly and attentive .
i always get great customer service from a young lady names , amanda .
she knows what i order and gets my order right every time .
great job , amanda !
they are like family comfort food .
food was great , just as expected , and the price was just right .
will always return .
the food is excellent quality and fast and hot .
my experience at rubios is always awesome !
great tasting fresh food and super friendly staff !
my orders are always right on take out and that means a lot .
i love the chopped salad here .
also a big fan of the especial burrito & the enchiladas .
the cashier eva was such a sweetheart .
super friendly & helpful !
i will definitely be visiting this location again .
great service .
their dishes are a perfect combination of delicious and healthy !
they are always very friendly and available to help .
they took care of everything with no hassle and it turned out great .
a+ for these guys !
this is a five star establishment .
every experience with this team has been super positive .
i stopped in today to have hanging hardware added to one of my mirrors .
quality team , quality work , friendly and knowledgable to engage with .
great employees who are extremely helpful and attentive .
they did a great job assisting in picking out the best frame .
their finished product was spectacular .
excellent employees who are extremely helpful and attentive .
they did a great job assisting in picking out the best frame .
their finished product was spectacular .
fresh mexican grill with great sauces !
the pricing is very reasonable and affordable .
it is amazing service .
so i am really impressed with the printing service here !
staff is always friendly and helpful .
then something even more amazing happened .
sam is always able to help out with my print jobs .
the staff is always great and able to help with my problem .
i love starbucks , and speedy is the best coffee person ever .
thanks starbucks and thanks speedy !
fantastic service , fantastic staff , great location !
the people were nice and helpful .
fast and friendly service .
this will be a new favorite when i am up in that area .
bathrooms clean , nice outdoor seating area .
i love this place .
girls working great !
they are sweet and professional .
thank you for your job !
all the time in the morning !
came in at _num_ pm .
the staff is friendly and always greet me with a warm smile .
when i got my car back i was really pleased .
the outside looked nearly perfect and the inside was well vacuumed .
scarlett got washed and i was on my way .
they always do a good job here !
after my car was complete wow what a great job !
highly recommended !
all in all a great experience .
management was outside helping keep the cars moving !
definitely will come back l !
thank you so much mark .
you are the best !
i would refer my family and friends .
thank you guys !
fantastic customer service at the windows .
tellers are pleasant polite and most importantly efficient .
good bank .
good people .
inside a very very pleasant surprise .
it was amazingly beautiful .
service was great .
i also ordered this chicken with broccoli and it was delicious .
they gave me so much broccoli i loved it .
great chain restaurant if it is one .
the sides are also delicious .
love their steak and garlic mashed potatoes !
they have great service .
can be pricey , but totally worth it .
we had a great meal here .
service was top notch .
always good and it has a very nice atmosphere , especially for the price .
great service as well .
one of my favorite restaurants by far !
both to die for !
good food , arrives hot , service is spectacular !
very friendly staff .
thumbs up !
plus their spinach dip is awesome !
excellent food and friendly staff .
attentive staff ... great food .
sides and salads are plenty .
food always arrives in a timely manner .
the food is absolutely five stars .
the food however is always excellent .
service is always superb and your drinks are always full .
this place is always good .
the rolls are amazing !
i would agree with the positive reviews on the steak and salad .
overall it was a great experience .
they had amazingly quick service during lunch !
overall , it was a good experience and i would come back again .
good food , very clean restaurant , service has always been good .
great restaurant for large groups .
i had the filet and it was enjoyable .
left happy with the steak .
we will definitely be back !
i have yet to have something on the menu that was n't great !
and the service is always on point !
consistently one of the best places to eat .
and that ultimate margarita is awesome .
the salmon is always cooked perfectly .
love the atmosphere and the places is always clean .
good wait staff !
was very surprised just how good the food and restaurant was .
place gets crowded so plan your meal time with friends around their high traffic .
the bbq ribs are wonderful .
tender , perfectly cooked and really good bbq sauce .
i have never had bad service here and the food is always perfect .
really good .
great bartenders , and the food was awesome !
server split the bill perfectly .
all the food came out correct , and perfectly done !
wonderful , great burgers !
the best ribs i have ever tasted .
everything that comes with your meal is tasty also .
fresh ice cold salad with a warm sweet croissant roll !
the service is equally as exceptional .
we 've eaten here many times and it 's almost always a great experience .
the perfect margarita is perfect .
i never would have put olives in a margarita but it so completely works .
service is generally impeccable .
i find this amusing .
amazingly great happy hour .
so classy .
yesterday we had ashley as a server for lunch and she was fantastic .
this place is the best !
very friendly service from the hostess to our server .
another great time at charleston 's .
ordered the ribs and they are about the best i have had .
even the carrots are good here .
it is one of my favorite sandwiches on the planet .
i love this place .
what a fantastic dinner !
my family and i very much enjoyed our meal here .
it was a good value .
the service was professional in appearance and demeanor .
loved this place !
the prime rib was mouthwatering !
this place has a great feel to it .
have been to this location now three times and it is always amazing !
the location is right by the us _num_ and is easy to get to .
the food is amazing and the service is excellent !
she has served me twice here and each time was amazing !
ambiance is upscale but environment is still family friendly .
fantastic food with great service .
i ca n't remember my waitresses name but she was very friendly and funny .
incredible food !
incredible service !
incredible atmosphere !
incredible people !
get it with both the creamy and raw horseradish .
you are awesome !
this place was amazing , the food was fresh and cooked to perfection .
a comfortable , casual place to have a tasty meal with friends or family .
also friendly staff and good prices .
the prime rib was excellent , & the fillet mignon was superb !
... she made our night extra special !
the crispy chicken sandwich is really good .
always a safe bet .
great menu , great variety , great comfort food .
fantastic food .
it has a variety of choices for all .
i definitely would recommend this to friends .
excellent food and service !
casey was very attentive and always kept our glasses full .
chicken tenders amazing .
excellent service .
food is fresh and very tasty .
bread pudding is amazing .
great food , fun friendly staff .
everyone is polite and courteous .
keep up the great job of training .
always great food , atmosphere , and service .
a tad on the pricey side but worth it for what you get .
my steak was exceptionally flavorful .
we requested maria and she is such a sweetie .
she is so personable and the service is impeccable .
kudos to management for hiring such fine young people as their servers .
all the staff is clean and neat in appearance .
thanks maria for making our visit so enjoyable .
best ribs .
sooo good .
perfect meal !
food itself was surprisingly delicious .
pork chops were massive and succulent , and seasoned oh so well .
overall very good .
the hamburgers here were juicy , and incredibly delicious .
the fries were delicious and at a great temperature .
it was a great place to dine in .
amazing service , amazing fresh food for a good price .
i have yet to taste anything that wasnt amazing .
even the cocktails are mixed perfectly !
service is always attentive and friendly !
my wife and i had a fantastic dining experience here .
this particular location is very clean and has a tremendous atmosphere .
great personality , knowledgeable on the menu , attentive , and efficient .
the food we ordered , scampi and prime rib , was outstanding .
we highly recommend this location .
great as usual !
service and food was great !
the ambiance inside is always `` classy '' and not too noisy .
prices are really affordable for the quality of the food .
will be back again !
wow !
exceptional !
i am always pleased with their staff and food !
everything we ordered was delicious and i like the atmosphere .
hopefully we can return when in mesa !
this is our go to date night restaurant .
everything on the menu is delicious .
the service is amazing .
recommend making reservations during dinner !
great service , large portions and great food !
a more detailed review coming soon !
my prime rib is always perfect here !
the spinach dip is always fresh and the best one i have had anywhere .
the service is always excellent , never had bad service here !
i will keep coming back for more !
awesome quality on the food .
very good service .
have eaten here several times and have always been impressed with the quality .
my wife got the pork chop and said it was on of the best .
i had the hickory burger and it was great .
plus of course great service .
always enjoy dining at charleston 's !
pleasant selection of wines to go with any menu item !
house salad is a great starter with a freshly made croissant !
i love this restaurant .
the service is fast and friendly .
a wonderful ambiance , perfect for a date night .
good experience overall .
wait staff very attentive , on top of all aspects despite being busy .
food also very good .
steak cooked perfectly .
nice atmosphere for date night .
great place , good prices , great service .
nice place to eat .
very nice .
great food a little pricey but it 's always a great atmosphere .
first time for everything !
the experience here was amazing , my server was on top of everything !
superb dinner , pleasantly surprised .
decent place .
the food is very good and the service is good as well .
it 's kind a like their own private club house .
relaxing evening for dinner restaurant .
fantastic service ... food was great ... will definitely eat there again .
charleston 's is always good !
those are amazing .
also a huge compliment to our server danielle .
she was super professional , friendly , and nice .
thanks danielle !
their croissants are the best and a must if you go !
absolutely delicious !
food was amazing and service was outstanding we will definitely be back !
best restaurant i have been to .
the ribs are my favorite .
delicious !
for those that miss this great wing spot .
they have moved to _num_ e. main st .
delicious wings !
fantastic wings .
wings express are always fresh , crispy and the sauce is outstanding .
they are crispy , flavorful and warm all the time !
so for a great wing and a great price try wings express !
they are nice and crispy and juicy !
the wings are seriously some of the best this location has to offer .
perfectly crispy , without being dry , and deliciously flavored .
these wings were delicious and crispy !
we ordered the honey hot and they had great flavor .
that 's a great price for the amount of wings !
these are amazing wings !
a friend ordered a bucket of the medium wings for a get together .
so good !
they come with nice , crisp carrots , but ranch is extra ( .
they also have burgers , order ahead for faster service .
amazing place .
have been going here forever and love their honey hot .
best wings in east mesa i also love their fried mushrooms and gyro sandwich .
the honey bbq wings are good too .
football night at my parents house always included the honey hot and the medium .
soooo good : ) all their sauces are yummy !
best place for wings !
love love love their wings !
this place is the best hands down !
eat here !
our favorite is the honey hot wings !
i love there wings !
but these wing are really the best .
honey hot is fantastic .
medium is pretty mild .
they are great too .
awesome wings !
this place has the best honey hot wings !
their fried mushrooms are delicious as well .
really good place for a quick $ _num_ pizza .
staff seemed overwhelmed , but very friendly .
they sure makes it easy to feed a family of four .
awesome and friendly staff very nice and clean grounds .
always available by phone and open when they are supposed to be .
even if that means she has to come and do the work herself .
great place to live .
the management staff is great and do what they can to accommodate any concerns .
it 's quiet , clean and bug free .
i absolute love living here at the village at lindsay park .
great for families with kids too .
great service and a huge selection of memorabilia .
lots of cool stuff to look at .
great store with lots of amazing collectibles .
mike is a great guy to chat with .
i cooked and tasted some masa ... omg awesome !
i just purchased a tres leches cake from here and it was delicious .
everyone loved it !
an excellent little shop tucked away behind a strip mall .
patty is a wonderful woman and maybe the nicest person i 've met .
extremely knowledgeable and can help with all your dart needs .
highly recommended .
super lady and great prices .
love to see a small business like hers be successful !
i will be back many times to come !
i am so impressed with her knowledge and customer service skills .
love this location !
very clean & the employees are polite & very helpful .
the prices are affordable as well .
what a great shop !
i am happy with my purchase .
cool place .
this place is great .
go here , before you go to the big chain stores .
the tools are half the price are decent in quality .
great deals !
their coupons are great .
this is by far , my favorite mexican food place .
the chips are sooo good .
and everything else is good .
the workers are really nice too .
great authentic mexican food !
i liked the carne asada better but both were very good .
*** the owner is always around and he is so friendly .
as authentic as you can get .
the kind of food that is real mexican .
this is a great place to have some authentic mexican food !
great bean burritos .
they were probably the best tacos i 've ever had .
the rice and beans on the side were also really good .
i have a feeling i will become a regular at this place !
i eat here a few times a month .
food is very good and the service is great .
good bean & cheese burritos .
good tacos .
eat here all the time .
delicious tacos !
so good !
it 's a good ol taqueria and i would n't change a thing .
will return next time in the area .
this place is a classic .
awesome burritos .
amazing carne asada tacos .
chips are usually good .
really nice employees .
carne asada tacos were very good .
always on the hunt for a good carne asada taco and this place delivered .
great authentic mexican food for a very reasonable price !
pretty little dive for some amazing mexican food .
the street tacos are amazing and everything along with it was superb .
probably one of the top _num_ spots for mexican food in the east valley .
what a great little find .
found this place by mistake and had a great meal .
love the tacos and enchiladas .
great food , great customer service and a great value .
would recommend this place to everybody .
i work very close to this restaurant and eat here often .
there carne asada is very good !
i love spicy food and they throw in a roasted jalapeo .
this is authentic mexican food , and their tacos are pretty cheap .
do n't be fooled by the location , the food is good !
very good tacos for not a lot of money .
pastor but my favorite .
the beans tasted amazing and worked well on the side .
thank you !
the staff was super friendly and attentive and the food was incredible .
this place is a hidden gem and i will definitely return !
this is a little tacos shop that has amazing tacos and more .
i have yet to eat something here that i have n't liked !
amazing !
my new fav spot & the staff is professional & courteous .
i crave this place .
as always so good !
overall the food is great .
pastor is my favorite .
i am obsessed with the lunch special , it is delicious and cheap !
the best combination in the world .
i always enjoy coming here and having authentic mexican food .
we love this place it is authentic !
everything we tried so far is amazing !
highly recommend it !
enjoyed our meal here !
service was friendly and food arrived in a timely manor .
authentic & delicious .
generous portions .
tacos here were really good .
i tried the pastor and the lengua and was very happy .
will definitely eat here again when i 'm in the east mesa area .
staff was extremely helpful , courteous , and happy .
definitely recommend giving this place a try !
wife and i love this place !
the burritos are great , the enchiladas , yum !
we 'll frequent this establishment many more times !
not restaurant quality , but homemade quality very yummy !
amazing food !
we had multiple items delivered , tacos , burritos , enchiladas , etc .
every thing had great flavor .
will definitely order again .
highly recommended !
its super cheap and quick and the people are always welcoming and friendly .
great place to eat .
love their chile fries .
great breakfast/lunch place .
the food was pretty good .
and the tiny bit of chocolate shake i tried was also excellent .
love it !
i work near giant and it 's great to go for lunch .
chocolate shake is good too and the employees are totally friendly .
everything made fresh ... and to order .
the burger was great !
it 's a bit of a drive from south chandler , but worth it .
very small dining area but very large portions and delicious food !
the crew behind the counter is also very friendly .
i just moved here from boston .
very tasty !
i also liked how many choices i had for the ingredients in the burrito .
this place is delicious .
my hubby gets the cheeseburger with jalapenos and loves it .
what i especially love are their breakfasts .
the employees are so friendly .
service is quick , it 's seat yourself and order at the counter .
it 's fresh and really wonderful .
amazing .
this place is great .
the owner doug is the best very friendly people .
so far we have only been there once but it was delicious .
definitely great service here .
move beyond the strip mall appearance and have a great eating experience .
the burgers are giant and really good !
love the service with a smile !
sooo good !
their grilled cheese is the best !
the workers are super nice too .
bonus points .
amazing hamburgers !
nothing to love more than a juicy perfectly made and classic burger .
we are always looking for somewhere new to get a good hamburger .
it 's cute that the staff wear ties to make our burgers .
best burgers and breakfast in az .
yeah i know that 's a bold statement !
been here a couple times now both times the burgers were great .
looking for a good hamburger place and came across with this place .
great burgers , nice old school diner atmosphere .
love coming here .
great place to bring the family for an all american burger and fries .
simplicity that tastes it 's finest .
crispy fries , great burger .
the staff is friendly and fast .
amazing !
i always get the double plate .
simple , yet amazing burgers .
my girl got some pie as well that was good .
amazing hamburgers & exceptional service .
great little place .
the hamburgers are juicy , the fries are crisp .
the staff is super friendly and easy to talk to .
the make the food right there behind the counter where you can see .
i deserves was more attention then it gets .
outstanding .
classic .
simple .
excellent ingredients .
my husband was very happy to finish it for me .
oscar is always polite and happy to see us .
the customer service is one thing that will keep us coming .
classic diner atmosphere and food .
perfect meal for nostalgia .
high quality beef and melt in your mouth taste .
i love this place !
the employees are super friendly .
this place has it .
the prices are fair and the food is defiantly worth the price .
lol fresh ingredients , juicy meat , great fries !
so good .
a great place for a great burger .
pleasantly filling large portions .
very good tasting food .
excellent service and delicious food , i 'm glad i tried this place today .
open for breakfast with a proper breakfast menu .
this place is delicious !
it 's simple breakfast food at a reasonable price !
triple everything , eggs , meat , potatoes !
the service is superior and the place is clean and very friendly !
i 'm still full of this delicious old school edible greatness !
we love everything they make .
but it was delicious !
it 's that good .
simple and perfect .
pure beef , nice and tasty and simple .
perfect burgers .
probably the best cheeseburger i 've had in years .
my boyfriend had the chili burger and loved it .
the shakes are made with real ice cream and are fantastic .
we will definitely return !
quite simply ... amazing !
first and foremost , service - it was awesome .
my wife got one with a fried egg on top .
we will definitely be back !
service is great which i like .
they are very attentive .
keep up the great work .
wow !
this place is awesome !
the staff is so nice and helpful .
we will definitely be going back .
very good burger & fries .
the meat is brought in fresh everyday , so i was told .
they looked really good and crisp .
the food is great here .
the staff is amazingly friendly and helpful .
i came in because of the great reviews and i was n't disappointed .
by far the best burger joint around !
i also had a strawberry shake , so creamy and amazing !
please , take my word his place is great !
great burger joint .
prices are good for the quality of the burger .
another happy visit to giant hamburgers on the books !
we got to me the owner , doug , this time .
this is mine and my boyfriend 's favorite place to eat !
if you want a great hamburger , go here .
great place for a `` time out '' from everything .
great breakfast as well !
the service here is great and the workers are all very friendly .
it was incredibly delicious and fresh but could use some more seasoning .
it was definitely better than in n out !
we will definitely be back many more times !
well done giant burgers ... well done !
always good prices and ridiculously amazing food .
best whole in the wall burger joint in mesa , hands down .
these are good hamburgers !
they keep them right in front of you ( behind the counter ) .
the ambiance could be better but the food is good .
came back again tonight with the son and daughter , had another perfect cheeseburger !
son enjoyed a chili cheese dog that looked great !
this place is very simple , but the hamburgers are good .
my wife liked the hamburger she ordered .
this place is a great place to enjoy fresh burgers or breakfast !
i enjoy this diner because it gives you that old school feel haha .
definitely will come again !
definitely a must go to !
love this place .
good burgers at an amazing price .
to top it off , the staff were all genuinely friendly and helpful .
we will definitely be visiting again !
oh wow .
everybody was super nice .
highly recommended .
i love this place .
the food is so yummy !
this is seriously the best spot for burgers and fries !
love these burgers !
fresh great tasting burgers and the milkshakes are real ice cream thick and delicious .
really good though .
excellent hamburgers made exactly the way that you want .
they also have great breakfasts .
my wife loves this place we come here at least once a month .
the is no doubt we will come to this place numerous times .
really good burgers , i mean best burgers around .
the staff are really nice and friendly .
food is fresh and authentic stuff .
delicious pies too .
seriously the best burger i have ever had hand 's down .
they are so fresh and you can customize them to your liking .
fries and chili cheese fries are amazing as well .
it 's your traditional diner perfected .
really liked the burger .
service was good .
burger was juicy , everything was fresh and well proportioned .
fries were cooked perfectly .
one of my favorite places !
highly recommend giant hamburgers to everyone !
service is great and good large burgers .
the chile cheese fries were delicious !
love this place and it 's been the same staff for years .
so delicious .
giant hamburger is a wonderful place .
i love their breakfast selection !
their pancakes are amazing .
they also make one of the best cheeseburgers i have ever had .
you can tell that the food is made with great care .
reasonably priced for a great burger !
the burgers are always fresh , never frozen and they are darn good .
i love this place !
a delicious burger spot .
thank you for the great food and service .
i love this place !
a good selection of dishes .
excellent burgers here .
tasted great .
definitely going back here sometime .
both the breakfast and lunch are amazing !
burgers are juicy and fries are the best you can find !
staff is always very friendly !
i am a fan !
their food is great , their service is fast !
plus since every thing is cooked fresh , good quality food take more time .
great food .
great prices .
he seems to remember everyone and is a great host !
this place was really good .
the hamburgers look amazing .
i had a chili dog and it was also amazing .
the chili was really good .
thanks for the great service n fantastic lunch .
good thing this place is n't close to where i live .
i will definitely be back and highly recommend the place .
food is amazing and experience is just as great .
great service by doug .
i certainly enjoyed having lunch here , the burger was phenomenal .
i certainly would eat here again when in the neighborhood .
nice and cozy .
always love this place .
always tasty .
best burger ever !
plus the staff is super friendly .
love everything about this place .
will definitely be visiting again and totally recommend to everyone !
solid biscuits and gravy .
respectable chili recipe .
very fast service and a casual , almost retro ambiance .
best place ever !
old school diner feel with awesome food .
they have the best fries and milk shakes all for reasonable prices .
their breakfast is awesome too .
friendly service goes a long way .
the food has always been great the few times i have been here .
the staff has always been friendly and helpful as well .
on top of that yes , their fries are just as tasty .
keep it up , giant hamburgers !
you 're definitely doing something right .
this was really good !
tasty burgers , really yummy bacon !
he said it was really good .
the people are friendly and helpful and funny .
love the old school feel .
everyone was really nice but oscar was working hard , happy and pleasant .
i would definitely recommend this restaurant for a burger !
great food and amazing staff really makes this place awesome !
great hamburger , they truly are big and tasty .
definitely worth the trip .
extra charge for credit card .
this place was amazing _num_ years ago and it still is amazing today !
excellent burger and very good fries loved the chocolate shake .
we travel a lot and use yelp to find great places as we go .
came here based on a recommendation from a coworker .
the place is quaint , friendly staff .
little strong on the mayo , but otherwise it was quite tasty .
very friendly staff is always a plus too .
we love this place .
best burgers around .
the breakfast is delicious also .
the service is excellent .
highly recommend .
and it 's local .
the best burger & grilled cheese i 've ever had !
the place has a nice home feeling to it & i will definitely return !
all very good !
prices are very reasonable for the simple , but quality food .
so amazing we had the giant cheeseburger with giant fries .
definitely coming back here ... .
the food is great and priced right and made fresh when you order .
the counter , pie case , huge grill , and simple delicious menu .
yes , it 's that good .
such a fun restaurant !
great casual diner atmosphere .
great hamburgers !
bonus it 's close to our apartment .
this is one of the best hamburger places in the valley !
the french fries were superb as well .
if you want a good juicy burger you have to try this place .
it 's worth the drive from chandler for me !
great shakes , and breakfast !
awesome burgers though , tastes really fresh .
and grape soda !
very much like nation 's giant hamburgers in northern ca .
excellent burger in a tiny little place .
from the beginning they were nothing but wonderful to work with .
they are amazing to work with and i would recommend them to anyone !
the gate looks great , and the quality is outstanding .
damn cars .
price quoted was the price charged .
will recommend , and will return again !
he helped us out and got us on our way .
definitely recommend if you like great prices and friendly staff .
so glad i chose to come here !
they did n't over charge for service and did a great job .
honest and fast service .
absolutely recommend this place and i will return .
best place to go to !
great customer service !
this place is definitely worth repeat visits .
the big draw is the organ , of course !
organ stop is a great place for having a fun evening with a group .
definitely go early , as this place fills up fast !
the crowd is quite diverse .
god love this organ , i certainly do .
the pizza is made on a chain belt and is average at best .
organ stop pizza is truly a family oriented establishment .
above all else , the music is great .
the whole place seems to come alive .
i 'll definitely be back someday .
such a fun bit of americana !
the organ is amazing and the kids love it .
the history of it is pretty cool too !
still the best dinner theater .
great for all ages .
very clean , and nice .
well its like this ... .
music ... holy crap amazing .
pure heaven .
the musicians are amazing .
extremely entertaining nonetheless .
awesome pizza !
music was so cool too !
great for all ages !
great family venue .
and the pizza is pretty good too .
great pizza with fresh ingredients .
fantastic !
random , but really cool !
great place to take the kids and keep the whole family entertained .
good place to take out-of-town visitors too .
will definitely be back again .
its also funny to watch peoples hair literally get blown around by these pipes .
had a good time .
great entertainment .
while i did n't particularly love the music itself , the performance was excellent .
always a hit with my out-of-town visitors .
fun , unusual , unexpected treat in the desert .
this is a great place for the family !
i love that they take music requests as you eat .
we love this place !
especially when kids or mom and dad start dancing .
great pizza , excellent salad bar .
this is the best value in all of arizona .
the show is amazing .
eat here !
from kids to elderly everyone enjoys this place ... good family entertainment .
amazing must see place .
live entertainment and the organ wall is just so cool .
we had a great time being entertained while eating a delicous pizza .
a special experience ... .
it was a fun time.
the pizza and salad bar are pretty good .
great , affordable entertainment .
kids love this place !
the upper seating area offers a nice clear view of the whole room .
i really like this place .
the pizza was pretty good but it 's more about the experience .
worth a visit if you 're in the area .
great music and the pizza has gotten much better over the last few years .
the future has truly arrived !
two words : great music .
cool mix of veteran and kids .
always a surprise .
my kids love it here !
check it out .
i did love the ice cream though , butter pecan was great .
very fun and unique experience .
good pizza and ice cream .
great family joint .
the entertainment is awsome !
the also loved the bench seating and the overall atmosphere .
we all thought the pizza was pretty good and had no complaints .
i would definitely bring them back here !
theatre organ music at its best !
the best part of this whole place is their amazing organ artists .
the pizza is almost the best on the planet .
the crew are friendly and eager to help .
but the quality of the food it worth it !
very cool place to try at least once !
pizza is extremely good and loud fun atmosphere !
there is a great salad bar .
the organ music is fun and excellent .
my family and i love going to organ stop pizza .
the kids look forward to requesting and seeing the cats .
everyone there is so nice .
pizza and ice cream are great !
very very unique .
food is great and drinks are cheap .
the entertainment is stellar and the atmosphere is welcoming .
definitely worth checking out !
this was worth the trip to phoenix .
outstanding .
great pizza , great music , friendly and helpful staff .
awesome place for family , birthdays , anniversary , anything really !
go and remain amazed forever !
a fantastic place to take the family .
a unique opportunity that takes you back in time .
it is must for the family .
for the kids , this is an excellent place to be .
it 's just the right size and made fresh .
great , inexpensive evening out for the entire family !
lol the food was good but not great .
the organ music is loud and they play some fun tunes .
coolest and most entertaining pizza place i 've ever been to !
i thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere .
the organ player was very good .
i thought the pizza was pretty good for arizona pizza .
the food is pretty decent .
pizza is good nothing special .
what makes this place special is the organ .
take your kids and friends they will love it .
this restaurant offers a very unique experience with live music from an pipe organ .
overall , the atmosphere was fun and quite memorable .
i definitely recommend it for families .
love the song selection and the lights and bubbles .
really enjoyed this place .
i believe private rooms are available , as well .
the pizza is adequate .
this place was pretty entertaining !
not what we expected at all but we had fun .
for that alone , we will probably come back .
pizza was good .
overall , still fun and would recommend trying !
impressive talent at that organ !
a fun place for the family .
organ stop is a family favorite !
the pizza is delicious and the atmosphere is so fun !
i love organ stop !
the entertainment was great .
food is n't great but it 's still good .
wonderful family experience .
i will return !
come for the entertainment and enjoy the food .
everyone in my family loved our experience .
love , love , love this place !
great fun for kids and adults !
fair prices , and the owners are super nice .
bonus !
very prompt and clean .
everyone there is extremely warm and friendly .
amazing dentist !
now i actually enjoy going .
everyone in the office is great !
keep it up guys !
his staff is very friendly and helpful .
great dental hygienist !
he is kind , gentle , and caring .
i 've recommended him to friends .
alright , alright .
some good deals .
i love this place !
great selection & great customer service .
the girls are always very friendly & helpful .
i highly recommend shopping here for a great bargain !
i love name brand exchange .
i always can go in there and come out with some good picks .
first time in and was so excited about the great selection .
up to date styles , great colors .
they also had some unique jewelry that i loved .
there are lots of fun and unusual pieces .
great prices and friendly workers .
awesome place !
the selection at this store is wonderful .
good music and atmosphere .
can find some real gems if you dig !
the staff is wonderful there , making sure you are comfortable etc .
the atmosphere is always positive and uplifting .
he also has a certified masseuse in the office .
she values each and every animals life .
east mesa animal hospital is the best place to go !
and yes , she 's serious about what she does because she loves animals !
she is very knowledgeable and has a true care and love for animals .
amazing doctors and staff !
he has excellent bedside manner and was extremely knowledgeable .
he performed the procedure with great care and precision .
amazing staff !
thank you all for serving the community .
they also have alot of authentic mexican products .
their produce is really fresh and you can get better prices here too .
their really good .
thank you eric you rock !
and he is open saturdays !
what a great business .
both times he did excellent work for a really good price .
thank you and highly recommended !
wonderful place .
they are very knowledgeable and quick to respond .
very professional business and friendly staff .
staff always concerned with getting the best fit for the customer .
expedient , friendly and efficient .
very much enjoyed working with taylor and the office staff !
pleasure doing business with this group !
quick , clean and reliable !
great company !
very kind and helpful staff and leadership .
i highly recommend them !
i loved the initial meeting .
they arrived on time and did an amazing job ... cleaning up everything !
i recommend them without hesitation .
breakfast is good also .
great burger .
great flavor .
fast , friendly service at the drive thru .
hot , fresh , delicious food .
i absolutely love this restaurant .
the food is delicious and the burgers are savory .
it 's a very good price and their shakes are phenomenal .
the best barber in the valley for any type of hair .
excellent service ... .
this store is wonderful .
chuck is friendly and knowledgeable and the bra he recommended was perfect .
a great resource !
it was a great resource for nursing mothers .
i say again because this is the second vehicle i have taken to them .
they use only the top quality film , and do quality work .
i will keep going back and sing their praises all day long !
i always get the full detailing on the inside .
i highly recommend brad and his team , they have never let me down .
brad is always friendly , professional and accommodating to my schedule .
thank you brad !
their customer service is 5-star !
i highly , highly recommend deluxe detail & tint .
brad and his staff are extremely good at what they do !
the owner is a really nice guy .
i was happy with the price and quality of work .
i will take my new car here to have the tint done .
brad and his team exceeded my expectations .
brad 's pricing is very fair for the quality of his work .
this is the best above the rest !
the professional !
super fun dive bar !
it is a dive , in the best possible way .
great food .
i usually get their burger and it 's good every time .
service is quick and friendly .
the best all-you-can-eat fish fry .
i love buffalo wings from this place .
the service is great and quick with the check .
tuesdays are even better because it 's wing day !
good food all around .
wing are perfect each time , right amount of spice , heat and sauce .
good bar , and great wings !
love the wings !
service has always been great and food comes out quick .
best day to go is thursday it wing night .
good food , and service .
very happy with checked this location out !
pizza is great as always - love the buttery crust .
workers are very attentive and helpful .
always great service .
i adore this native !
what really keeps me coming in is the bartenders !
it 's native !
the server was about business and treated us well .
keep it real !
best wings on the planet !
great service and a very clean establishment .
best place to go and eat and watch football !
pleasantly surprised .
they 're still small , but they were cooked perfectly and seasoned well .
customer service is decent , but the food makes up for it .
had a great visit today .
food good but the waitress , olga , was amazing .
i love having someone here who really wants us to have a pleasant visit .
went back to native today and once again i had great service .
my server , alex , she was very attentive and very nice .
great job today .
the service was great !
our waiter was very friendly and very attentive !
best service i 've ever gotten here from an employee .
the wings were hot and crispy and they tasted really good !
definitely had a good experience !
food is usually pretty good , service is fast and friendly .
better for us !
the wings are what always bring me in !
we also had the sampler and it was pretty good !
i always have a good experience at native !
vip is the best .
i love this place !
the flavors change daily and the prices are super good .
it was good !
this place is so cute .
excellent frozen yogurt !
great local frozen yogurt place !
the vanilla frozen yogurt with gummy bears was really good as were the nachos !
i 'll definitely be going back !
this place is awesome and delicious and way cheap .
fun times .
this place is a landmark in mesa .
they also have great prices !
it is , by far , my favorite flavor .
also , they now accept credit and debit cards .
i highly recommend them !
i crave their tart flavors !
cherry & lemon are my top picks !
if you like granola the house mix is amazing !
and their yogurt pies are a hit at any party !
it 's so nice just to hang out and eat yogurt .
love this starbucks !
it is right off the freeway , and has a drive-thru .
derek is wonderful !
his sense of humor and fast service is much appreciated !
love all of the baristas there .
enjoyed my visit .
i love this starbucks !
the baristas smile .
it 's the closest to my office .
starbucks is starbucks , but this is a great location .
clean , friendly employees , plenty of parking , plenty of seating .
excellent job at this store .
really friendly employees .
the baristas here are wonderful .
i enjoy starting my morning here and studying here at night .
i always receive friendly warm service here .
that 's my idea of customer service that exceed expectations !
love the green tea with peach .
love starbucks !
service is fast and efficient .
i love being able to just drive thru lol !
love the drive thru location !
love that this is my `` home '' starbucks .
that being said this is a wonderful store !
nice job creating that 3rd place even through drive-thru !
they add that extra personalized touch that makes you feel special .
thank you so much for making my night with just a coffee .
what amazing staff they have here definition mark there was so friendly with service .
always so clean and fast .
everyone is happy , helpful , and great at making things quickly .
great service , with a smile instead of a condescending attitude .
refreshing .
thanks .
had the best experience walking into this store .
i will definitely be coming back !
courtney is amazing and great customer service .
awesome experience .
we felt very comfortable around him and his great personality .
he is definitely an asset to the verizon team .
a friend recommended them to me .
god bless each and everyone of you .
great florist !
by far the best customer service i have received !
thank you !
amazing , wonderful florist .
made the most beautiful wedding bouquet i have ever seen .
i 'm so impressed and will use them again and again !
fantastic little shop !
i highly recommend them !
love , love , love them !
this is a real flower shop !
this is so refreshing .
extremely friend staff very fair pricing for the quality that you are receiving .
top notch ... classy establishment .
this is an amazing florist .
we had an issue but they made it right .
easy to order and the flowers looked amazing !
definitely recommend .
thank you for being part of making their day beautiful .
the previous reviews are so true , they are amazing !
the arrangement she put together was impressive & perfect , thank you !
they do an amazing job and work very hard .
i will always recommended them to anyone who needs flowers .
thank you light house .
( fantastic prices i might add ! )
lisa did a fantastic job with my wedding flowers !
she was so easy to work with and i got exactly what i wanted .
thank you for all of your help and the beautiful flowers !
best little country gift shop you will ever find !
owners are there daily , and are friendly , and helpful !
i urge you to visit this delightful shop !
i love this place !
cute items for sale here and was great for christmas shopping .
great for all year round shopping .
will definitely return and have told several people about this cute little place .
love it !
cute unique gifts and decor in this place .
these folks are very nice !
great people and stuff !
love this place for their eclectic variety and plentiful inventory .
good for gifts for the hard to shop for as well .
i got the job .
thanks sports clips !
i love this sports clips .
additionally , the entire staff makes sure than i 'm good to go .
it was a great fun at a reasonable price !
the best customer service i have ever received was from this company .
it is always on par .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
keep up the great work !
keep up the good work !
love this place !
they are so accommodating , professional , kind , considerate .
its just hard to stray away from that good of a burger .
i always seem to get good service here .
keep it up !
i love red robin !
free food is always a plus .
that is another plus .
food was good , service was very good .
our waitress was friendly and kind .
i thought it was an incredible burger .
love this place !
the food is always good .
both very good and flavorful .
we love the new decor .
great customer service .
very nice place too hang out with friends .
good variety of burgers , salads .
and our friend had clam chowder he said it was very good .
i had a good experience .
our server did an amazing job waiting on us .
red tavern double is very delicious with a great price tag .
i also liked the decor with all the fun art .
red robin is always amazing !
big meals for great price and always delicious .
the black and bleu burger was delicious !
had a great late lunch after work .
best service i 've ever received at this location .
it 's a good place to eat , burgers are good .
friendly staff on point on everything .
great place to go eat !
besides the food always being awesome and the impeccable service by jacob .
this particular office just moved into a new suite and it 's wonderful .
great experience !
very helpful .
i called for an appointment and got one right away _num_ days later .
very friendly and professional staff .
the environment was really clean .
this vet is amazing .
simply amazing .
i now bring both my cats here !
all the docs are amazing and they are so personable .
they saved my dog 's life !
thanks for all your loving care !
the front desk staff is always courteous and knowledgeable .
he truly loves his profession and the animals he treats .
they seems very caring , and have always given good advice .
best place i 've been for my dogs .
they are all awesome and very nice .
we love this place !
they were amazing !
family vet care rocks !
always friendly with me and gentle and loving with my animals !
would recommend to anyone with pets !
that 's what a good caring vet would do !
that 's how you know the dogs are comfortable and feel safe and loved !
always a great.
like one big family !
i love this vet !
they are very nice to my dog .
they show a lot of compassion for your dog .
they do all to make you and your dog happy !
awesome care .
we love this place .
they not only care about the owners but the animals as well .
this will continue to be our vet of choice .
i would highly recommend both of these wonderful vets .
if you need a vet , they are totally worth it .
this place is amazing !
they always make you feel at ease when you are there .
awesome place to bring your pet in need .
service is great n friendly .
prices just as great !
i use the pharmacy here , and the staff is really helpful and nice .
the staff have always been nice .
i will continue to do business at this location .
thank you walmart staff for your honest work .
love being able to just get in and out quickly at this location .
dino , the assistant manager of this location , was definitely the exception !
i appreciated his understanding and great customer service !
the best place for a late night snack .
when you want good mexican , this is the place .
it 's tasty and different from most other mexican joints .
i have always liked their taquitos .
there 's sticker machines and such for kids to use as well .
i love it here !
good carne asada burrito .
the vegetarian sub lunch special is my new best friend !
cool decor , quick service , and delicious subs !
i walked in and was pleasantly surprised , i definitely enjoyed my experience there !
amazing .
love ned 's , it 's amazing .
love their subs , the bread , everything about them is great .
highly recommend them .
great food .
great people .
this place is so much better than subway .
the subs are excellent and are relatively inexpensive .
my favorite is the meatball and the super duper .
i loved it as a kid , now my kids love it too .
friendly , family run business .
i like fresh things so works out perfect for me !
lived here for years and just found ned 's .
the whole family loved it !
the price is fair and reasonable .
best subs , great service , good value .
love the pickles too .
great lunch specials !
the place is clean and the food is awesome .
my boyfriend really likes the old-school arcade game they have there .
sandwiches were good , better than expected for the price .
not to mention , ned is a really cool happy guy .
ned 's is a great local sandwich shop .
i eat here regularly .
their bread is so fresh and delicious !
very good prices , also .
seriously , though ... their super fresh bread is worth a trip alone !
good service and very accommodating .
decent subs .
decent price .
decent wait time .
nice to support local business so gets a _num_ .
also , each sub comes with a pickle , bonus !
my favorite place to get a sandwich !
they 're ingredients make this sandwich the best one you 'll ever have .
my out of town friends hit this place every time they come to town !
and my kids crave the cheese covered pretzels !
love ned 's !
best subs .
my kids love the soft pretzels with cheese & the pickles !
this location is great for big gatherings !
food is always great !
likely the best service i have had anywhere in my life .
the man helping was kind , funny , accommodating , fast , ect .
i was really impressed .
the food was decent .
was able to order kids meals for the kids and myself .
i love this place !
selection is amazing and staff is fabulous .
great selection , good prices and good old fashioned service .
i love the staff here .
all the girls have been super sweet and helpful !
it 's clean and cute inside !
i highly recommend tanning here !
friendly staff who knows exactly what you need !
always willing to help out .
the place is very clean .
also , their spray tans are amazing !
they offer great lotion products and frequently offer great sales on them .
also the staff is great and very friendly !
love this tanning salon !
the location is great ( right next to yogurt land - yum ! )
i definitely recommend this salon .
the employees are nice and always say hello or ask if you need help .
she was sooooooo kind and helpful and patient !
i absolutely could not believe it she was so amazing !
clean , well stocked and friendly staff .
and i left feeling happy .
ok _num_ stars !
great place fast service and great prices .
beat everywhere i checked thanks discount !
they are consistent and good !
great , friendly , speedy service !
always my choice !
thanks guys !
great prices as well .
great service .
good job !
please come to this discount tire .
they truly helped me out in a time of need .
these guys have absolutely written the book on customer service .
these guys are just phenomenal .
that is a good example of superb customer service !
thank you so much !
i highly recommend this location .
they have great service and a phenomenal attitude .
between the professional service , the quick changing of tires and the cost .
what a nice man who seemed to be genuinely concerned .
customer service at its finest !
all the guys that work here are so friendly .
they will find you the best value for your money .
i always come here and always will .
thank you discount tire !
all experiences were wonderful !
great service , prices and overall experience .
just left there in & out , staff is wonderful & very helpful .
comfortable going there , love they make me smile .
friendly !
staff is really friendly and not the pushy sales type .
always a great experience .
i have tires that always have to be ordered due to the size .
excellent speedy service .
mike b is very professional and keeps our vehicles riding smooth .
highly recommend !
this place totally rocks .
she is amazing .
great prices , awesome personality , amazing little place .
i also got extensions in which i absolutely love .
i overheard the stylists planning the next class they wanted to attend .
the salon is fun and in such a great location .
all the stylists are friendly .
she is amazing and so attentive !
nice folks , fair deals , and a really nice office right on mill .
love the `` small bank '' feel !
great customer service , both over the phone and in person .
she helped me search the aisles as well as looked at other stores .
the ladies here are always very friendly and helpful with all my projects .
great selection of fabrics and crafts .
thank you for staying a little later to help me .
barb was very friendly and confirmed my order .
i think the prices are pretty competitive , and the quality is excellent .
highly recommend .
the staff at karen 's was knowledgeable , courteous , and overall superb .
the flowers arrived and were absolutely beautiful .
amazing job overall !
thank you !
so that 's how and why they got five stars from me .
staff is very friendly and helpful .
quick delivery , good price , flowers were beautiful my girlfriend absolutely loved them !
awesome !
same day delivery and it 's guaranteed .
made my girlfriend very happy !
thank you !
great flower shop !
the arrangements were amazing !
karen 's more than met my expectations !
thank you from the bottom of my heart !
the decor is nice .
love this location !
keep up the great work !
literally the best customer service .
wow dominos you have an amazing staff keep up the good work !
he deserves it .
: d very good .
maybe i should move ... .
they had a nice selection .
everything was very beautiful .
they are so professional and helpful with so much knowledge .
they did the repairs while we waited perfectly .
thank you , thank you .
excellent selection of native american jewelry at very fair prices .
they also have a great selection of amber .
wonderful store , we will be back !
she and i both found some great items .
the owners are great and very knowledgeable .
great selection of native american jewelry , good prices .
lady was great helping me choose some items .
such a beautiful store !
great price and beautiful work !
the portions are big and the service is super friendly .
great food , great prices , and great service .
the orange chicken was fresh and tender with excellent flavor .
super far from my house , but worth the drive .
it always tastes great , i wish they had more customers .
best wonton soup anywhere and extremely friendly and quick delivery !
i 've been going here for years , and i love this place !
really fresh , delicious food ; amazing variety , and super friendly owners .
the prices are good too .
the delivery is nice too when i do n't feel like leaving the house .
i highly recommend this place !
veggies are always fresh and crisp !
amazing food , great customer service .
once you find the best why go anywhere else !
they have excellent prices .
and the biggest best shrimp we 've ever had .
my favorite is the egg drop soup .
it was clean & the owner actually waited on us .
the food was fresh , hot and the service was quick .
awesome place !
the food was fresh and reasonably priced .
great food .
good prices especially at lunch .
the food is fresh and the service is excellent .
this is now my favorite chinese takeout place in the area .
i love this place .
always had great service and my dogs are clean and perfect .
plus i know that the owners love all the animals !
rest assured you pet will be treated as you would treat them at home .
she took the time to make us & my babies feel comfortable .
you can see the love they put into the animals there .
took my two large golden 's here because their regular groomer left town .
the groomers did amazing .
she looked so good despite having to get most of her back end shaved .
definitely worth the visit and great price .
great communication and customer service .
they 're professional and very friendly .
they remembered my dog from last time which made me extremely happy .
they 're very reasonably priced as well .
again great place !
their prices are very reasonable and i love the online scheduling system !
excellent local business with great customer service .
i love this store .
thanks , guys !
great customer service !
i thought everyone was very friendly and professional .
i am very satisfied with the service i received here .
excellent , fast customer service .
i recommend this company to friends and family .
it 's a pretty crazy place .
thanks for making this such a nice experience !
they definitely have the best customer service here .
you all are seriously the best thank you !
i am very impressed with the skill and the patient care at this facility .
the student doctors are caring and compassionate and try to do their best .
student dentists are caring and compassionate and eager to do their best .
came here to get my teeth cleaned ... and cleaned they got .
i 've had a very good experience over the past year .
they will tell you which ones have a greater priority .
they just seemed like they genuinely wanted what was best for the kids .
i highly recommend coming here with children !
for that he 's worthy of a 5-star rating .
he is hands-down the best doctor in the valley !
he earned top doc and you would never know it .
i love this place !
she is the best ... very caring , patient and always listens .
everyone is very efficient and professional .
he is an outstanding doctor .
he is very knowledgeable and he has an outstanding `` bedside manner '' .
great staff and providers .
everyone is friendly and i 'm usually in and out quickly .
he is caring , patient and very thorough .
ann and kathy are the best around !
such wonderful people .
i have always been happy with what i 've had done .
great pricing for quality service .
love this place !
the ice cream is always so good and the staff is really nice .
everytime i come in here , its got people waiting .
but i love the ice cream enough to wait .
great service , fun atmosphere , easy parking , and clean store !
this cold stone location is amazing !
it was so very good !
this location is clean , and the service is friendly .
it 's a nice place to go once in a while .
i love this place .
i 've found great books and paid ... yup , half the price .
i love this store !
the staff is friendly .
they also have a good selection of music .
it 's quiet .
amazing !
how refreshing !
great selection of books for everyone in the family .
friendly staff and a good selection make it a fun experience .
they have a pretty good selections of books as well .
great prices !
this location is bigger than the pv one .
good selection , helpful staff .
great used book store !
not a huge store , but a great selection .
a lot of the things they sell is used but still good .
i like it and will be coming back .
i love this store and consider it a treat to take myself here .
either way , i always find a new treasure when i come here .
carlos is the best !
i promise you , its worth the wait !
i should have listened a long time ago because he 's amazing !
i had a partial highlight with color and a cut done .
he 's so nice and personable .
my motto is `` carlos knows best ! ''
he knows every aspect of the vision you have for your hair .
thanks so much for making my life !
thanks so much for making my life !
carlos came highly recommended but i was still anxious .
he also explains clearly how to take care of your style and your hair .
i totally recommend him !
carlos did an amazing job on my difficult hair .
the downside is you always spend more than you intend to .
( frozen food section is pretty decent sized as well . )
this is a good target store .
this is a big starbucks for being inside another store .
the employees are friendly and professional .
i 'm glad this location is around , and am a happy customer .
in my opinion this is the best place to get your meds or supplies .
i ordered a wild boar burger instead .
it was quite tasty .
burgers are always delicious and cooked to order .
great lunch place !
nothing is pre packaged , everything here is fresh .
i recommend this place to anyone who is a burger lover !
excellent !
i love this place !
awesome burgers !
a great burger place .
i love this place .
their burgers are great .
see you there .
the buns are made in the restaurant so are always fresh .
it is absolutely the best burger in arizona .
simply glorious !
the restaurant has a great interior .
good god , i love this place !
the burgers are delicious here !
so good .
the burger was amazing !
it was so fresh and delicious .
love the toppings and condiment bar .
love the fresh produce .
great place for picky eaters .
the place is upbeat and nice .
the food comes out fast and it is fresh .
they give you a lot of food .
this place has pretty good food , love the jalapeo cheese with everything .
also good place to eat with the kids when it is not too busy .
they have a few arcade games to keep them entertained .
love this place !
eating here right now .
it is very good .
the atmosphere is really nice .
it is very clean and decorated nicely .
the employees are nice and friendly and welcomed everyone as they entered .
the food is very fresh .
the grilled chicken sandwich with bacon is delicious .
very nice lunch .
patty , the general manager , was awesome .
good food , staff was friendly , maybe a little too friendly .
he was nice tho !
loved the free style coke machine too !
food is pretty good .
veggie burger is good and so are the shakes .
also has a wide variety of sauces and toppings .
had a wonderful time here for halloween !
wow what a deal .
our party of _num_ loved it .
great burgers , fries and a drink !
the choices of burger meat and size give you variety .
ca n't forget the desert counter and shakes !
thanks for so many great memories !
consistently good and fast .
friendly staff .
keep it up .
this location is excellent .
this is your place !
service was prompt and professional .
easily the best service in phoenix area .
thanks guys for the easy buying experience !
great service !
great delivery guys - very helpful .
thank you so much !
both the guys there we 're great and fun !
go see john , he will give you the best deal possible !
best customer service !
thanks again !
great location and staff .
they are now under new ownership and new employees and i was very impressed !
i love this store .
great , convenient location .
i will be back !
on top off all that her prices are very , very reasonable .
her office staff is excellent .
everyone in this practice truly loves animals and is dedicated to caring for them .
i have always been very happy with the service i 've received here .
they are friendly , they care about the animals and are compassionate .
they remind you via mail when it 's time for shots and check ups .
they are thorough and professional !
i absolutely love this place !
the staff and dr. were wonderful with my dog .
i will recommend them to everyone i know .
got my oil change done here .
very friendly and very helpful at this location !
best car rental experience i 've ever had .
friendly , efficient staff ( thanks , greg ! )
good customer service .
we are happy camper now .
i would recommend this place .
highly recommend .
very helpful and extremely polite .
the car was clean and fun to drive .
nice and clean vehicle and super rates .
the customer service is very friendly and helpful .
i was pleasantly surprised the work needed to repair my car was minimal .
and the company always never has it done in a timely manner .
well they did a great job and was done at the time they promised .
we are very pleased .
the final result was a work of art !
the customer service is unparalleled .
absolutely loved the service here !
tops in quality !
tops in customer service !
i highly recommend this shop for everyone .
have used them twice and very happy .
very professional and they do a very good job .
happy happy happy !
the job is well done and i have no complaints .
excellent from start to finish .
work also was terrific .
overall a great experience .
exceptional customer service .
i was pleasantly surprised by the level of respect i was given .
so far so good .
a wonderful experience .
i love my bed !
ask for ralph , you will be satisfied .
this is a great bargain .
she answered all our questions .
love the pineapple papaya tea !
super clean and very helpful staff .
finally got all the new flavors of tea .
my lady is a happy camper now .
i love the clean bathrooms and friendly staff .
they have a good food and snack selection .
love this gas station .
staff is always friendly .
restrooms are always clean .
soda stations are always clean .
always clean professional and fast fast checkout service .
please is great !
we would recommend it highly and will stay there again .
the staff are incredible and the price and location is perfect .
thanks again we shall return .
i had sliders , they also served breakfast all day which looked good .
they take care of everything and really are helpful .
love this place !
if you sit outside you can smoke and bring your dog .
love their burger and fries .
the food is always so fresh and tasty .
the service is awesome !
we love you five and diner on southern ave !
the ice cream on the other had was wonderful !
we all had a good appetite .
ordered my burger medium rare and it was .
i love this place for breakfast .
have only had breakfast here but everytime it was good !
great service , breakfast was wonderful , and the place was clean .
both were excellent and large portions .
we also shared a shake which was amazing !
i love this place !
best burger i have ever had .
i ordered the california benedict and it was so good and fresh tasting .
i was so full yet felt healthy about what i ate .
were seated promptly with a good attitude .
huge store , great selections , gifts specific to all occasions !
i love this store .
they have such a cute array of trinkets and treasures .
everyone seemed upbeat and the place was clean .
i had an awesome experience here !
thank you !
highly recommend this place .
wonderful staff .
thank you !
really reasonably priced and do amazing work .
best dry cleaners ever .
courteous , affordable and excellent quality .
great cleaner !
good place to stay .
( that should say it all ) the people are great and very welcoming .
there is alot of great sounding dishes on the menu .
the triple prime burgers are fantastic , and well prices .
the french fries are also great .
i ate here on a whim one day , and was very impressed .
overall i really enjoy the quiet , good service .
great food !
always leave this place satisfied !
the burgers here are great too .
great food .
super professional and i love their products .
if i ever go in i always get great service .
their staffs are friendly and helpful specially michelle , kristen and pam .
its quiet , gated , safe community .
kristen is extremely creative and helpful .
she also has so many pictures to get ideas from which is really important .
our wedding photographer recommended kristen and she was wonderful .
she does amazing work and we could n't have been happier .
she works with your budget and understands exactly what you 're looking for .
kristen is super sweet and responsive as well .
highly recommend her !
it was clean and the service was amazing !
i would definitely stay here again !
the rooms are large , clean , and they have updated tv 's .
they have a nice continental breakfast in the morning with a waffle maker .
yes i would stay again in a heartbeat and everyone was very nice .
just so thankful it was clean !
great location , lots of places to eat .
hotel was great , clean and good amenities .
front desk was very friendly !
great place to be .
this place fit it to the tee .
the check in staff was extremely professional and ask for all our preferences .
we got a room on top floor which we loved .
we will do this again and highly recommend !
thank you !
well it turns out i ca n't afford to get the jacket .
really , this man is enough of a reason to go to this location .
thank you again for all your time and help jim !
is it authentic mexican food ?
husband has ordered them everywhere - and really , here they are the best .
mango margaritas and chips and salsa are pretty good too !
our waitress was super friendly and kept making sure everything was fresh and tasty .
pretty much my favorite chain mexican food .
one of my favorite chain restaurants .
i usually get the combination plates and most items are surprisingly good .
it was great .
great service , great food , love the decor .
i was pleased with the restaurant decor .
its simple but nice and is one of the reasons i enjoy eating here !
the food is all quite good !
great food , great service and reasonable prices considering the generous portions .
sampler platter is worth every penny !
happy hour at on the border can not be beat !
the sangria swirl and the watermelon rita for $ _num_ is the best around .
we also enjoyed the queso guacamole combo for $ _num_ .
we always enjoy the service and good food .
the food is fabulous and the people are very nice .
favorite restaurant .
the food is absolutely fantastic .
great service , friendly waiters , managers seem eager to please .
they always have great deals going on and the environment is great .
tacos are delicious and the fajitas are phenomenal !
great service ( even when its busy ) , fresh tortillas , yummy salsa !
definitely worth the trip .
loved the watermelon margarita .
it 's great for being a chain restaurant .
brunch is soooo worth it .
i based the review on the fact it 's a chain restaurant .
their red chile sauce is fantastic !
best chain mexican food hands down .
great chips and salsa .
the place had a good dinner crowd and we sat in the bar area .
i got the fish tacos and the wife got the fajita quesadillas .
both were very good .
had amazing service tonight !
had a really good time here yesterday .
got there early and jennifer waited on me .
fun atmosphere .
the watermelon margarita was ridiculously good .
yummy drinks , great price .
on the border is a great place !
both times , our servers were very friendly , accommodating , and very attentive !
good clean restaurant with good food .
it was so good that we came back _num_ days later .
their chips are so good .
and i got the steak burrito .
it was amazing !
will definitely return soon !
she is , by far , the best girl ever !
service was really good .
tasty margarita with lots of tequila .
definitely recommend this place .
we are always treated well at the bar !
they brought my kids dough balls to keep them entertained !
they have a great variety and i am always happy with what i order !
by far the best then anyone else 's !
i definitely got my money 's worth , let me tell you !
they seated us right away .
all the food was fresh and delicious .
the service was quick and very nice .
my wife 's favorite !
great taco chips , my wife loves their fajitas .
best happy hour menu in mesa !
all i will say is eat the stuffed jalapenos ... ... excellent !
definitely an asset to this company .
always have a good experience .
his staff is also awesome !
the pharmacy staff is the best .
they remember you and do what they can to help if there are problems .
pearl and wayne ( pharmacist ) and some of the best people .
pretty cool place .
customer service was okay .
thanks !
love the property its very nice and well took care of .
staff is very personal and friendly .
most of my neighbors are very friendly .
its like a happy lil community .
love our pool area !
the service was great from the beginning .
the food was great ... better than most og locations .
this is one of the best olive garden 's i 've been to .
love this place !
simply outstanding , well done olive garden , we will definitely return !
the salad and soup and breadsticks are always wonderful .
we love the olive garden !
she was very attentive and friendly .
i got a special with rigatoni and sausage and my salad tasted extra good .
had an excellent waiter who was totally on top of service .
we 'll see how it shows .
love it .
food was excellent , service was great , our server cameron was super attentive .
i love olive garden !
customer always comes first and the customer is always right .
delicious steaks and seafood .
i love this place so much !
10/10 every day !
the food was great .
the food is great but great service always makes everything taste good .
she definitely made our night with her personality and great customer service .
ugh !
much improved over the course of the last several months .
new managers and j truly believe that 's the difference .
there beer selection is awesome now as well .
excellent service .
i believe that if the employees are happy , then the customers are happy .
i 'm a happy customer .
this place is simply perfect !
the decor is inviting and lovely , comfortable and calming .
they have always been professional and provided great service .
absolutely no complaints !
thumbs up to the staff at image skin !
this best buy has been around forever too .
i got no issues with it !
i have been impressed !
the sales reps actually make good recommendations .
so awesome .
love this service .
the man who helped me did a phenomenal job of fixing my phone .
it was nice , quick , and did a great job .
he was informative and very patient throughout the entire process .
thanks again !
great customer service , i just love shopping at this store !
the staff is always nice !
my orders are always special and they always get it right !
it was clean .
a pleasant start to the day .
i really like this location .
we have had good experience dealing with this location here .
every time we came , we have received good services and fair pricing .
as long as this continues , we will always come back !
one of the best denny 's i have been to !
excellent service and great food that was served quickly .
our server was great , the food was great , the place looked nice .
would definitely recommend .
my favorite waiter is lisa .
got t-bone steak and eggs with red potatos .
cooked perfectly and well seasoned .
she was decent .
i was happy to find a place open during these hours .
our waitress is very very sweet & we received our food hot and delicious !
keep your chin up !
denny 's is great restaurant .
i really enjoyed the food and the service was fantastic .
the price was very reasonable and the customer service was excellent .
i was so impressed and relieved !
great job !
excellent and speedy job replacing a diamond in my wedding ring .
even better , the price was great !
the restaurant is clean , the employees are friendly .
this is the best fast food fish establishment ever .
the food is fantastic and the lobby is very clean .
i would highly recommend this place to anybody who enjoys fried fish .
the services pretty good and friendly .
the food on the other hand is absolutely delicious !
ive had them before and i love the flavor .
we were pleasantly pleased , and will definitely be going back .
great service , great food .
stick to the fajitas and you will be fine .
i also enjoy their boneless wings and the dessert cookie is delicious .
queso , chips and sliders .
the southwestern eggrolls were very good !
we had a great server and good food all around .
wow how great was that .
good customer service with good food and service .
steak fajitas are amazing ( marinated meat ) .
the chips are light and freshly made .
we came in to have lunch today and have a wonderful meal .
now that 's customer service .
the wife and i ca n't get enough of this place !
always great food and a great experience overall !
chilies is our go to date night food !
best experience !
food was amazing and service was perfect !
sean was a great server .
the waitstaff were all friendly & honest .
all in all it was a pleasant meal !
i 've had a good experience at this chili 's .
wish more place could hire people like logan .
i got to use my reward points to have two free lunches today !
the lunch specials were really good and the waitress was attentive .
they are fast , kind and professional .
dr. hales and his team were very comforting and upbeat .
not only did they do very thorough work but they did it efficiently !
really this is the place to go for excellent root canal and dental service .
thank you dr. hales and team !
made me feel very comfortable and it was painless , very professional .
dr hales and his staff are excellent !
thanks for taking care of me !
i 'm thankful to their wonderful team .
thanks for all you do for us and our sweet clients .
i used to live in e. mesa , but moved to north phoenix .
it was so worth the trip .
i felt safe and in good hands throughout the experience .
he was so nice , went over everything with me in great detail !
the procedure was painless , very quick and thorough !
the entire staff in that office is extremely friendly and welcoming !
i recommend without reservation .
dr. hales is always very nice and gentle .
the office staff are very nice and patient .
everyone was very friendly and did what they could to make me comfortable .
dr. hales was very gentle and quick .
it was a real pleasure to visit dr. hales for a root canal .
he was very informative and answered all my questions to put me at ease .
the procedure went very quickly and i felt he did a great job .
i would definitely recommend him to friends .
the office was clean and the staff was very friendly .
i even received a call the next day to see how i was doing .
very friendly staff and extremely helpful !
i highly recommend them to anyone !
staff fantastic , office clean and friendly , dr. hales phenomenal .
everyone is helpful and friendly .
he is super conscientious and attentive .
this is the best place to have a foot canal .
nice office with very pleasant staff members .
dr hales also took care of my daughter a few years ago .
very caring and modern office .
fantastic experience !
he generally cares about you , your comfort and your overall experience .
i was so impressed with his expertise and suggestion to wait .
i loved the office and staff there as well .
i highly recommend dr. hales and his office .
great experience for my first root canal !
the staff was very friendly and professional .
highly recommended !
i 've seen dr. hales twice now and received excellent service .
the office is relaxed but very professional .
i would recommend this office for any specialized dental work without a second thought .
i would recommend this group everytime !
they really care for their patients , and it shows .
everyone here is super nice and professional .
best dental office i have ever been too .
the staff genuinely cares about me and my dental needs .
very accommodating and excellent customer service .
i would definitely recommend smiles on southern to everyone i know .
you guys are awesome .
you guys rock !
perfect .
these people are friendly .
she is also awesome with children , very patient and kind .
so happy we found this place !
it was the best experience i 've ever had .
nice furniture at reasonable prices .
great customer service and a friendly , knowledgeable sales team .
ask for dave when you walk into the showroom , he 's great .
amazing customer service !
thank you so much !
the guys here do a great job .
they are very professional and fast !
i feel like they always go above and beyond .
great store with great employees .
the machine is easy to use and is extremely light weight and quiet .
i am very happy with my purchase , worth every penny .
thank you to the men who assisted me !
this location is always fast , efficient , friendly , and reasonable .
these guys are always fast and honest .
i recommend making an appointment if you can !
their service is quick and their customer service is top of the line .
great customer service .
they 'll beat anyone 's advertised price and do it with a smile .
they take appointments , which is a bonus .
just want to say thanks to scott and all the guys that work there .
matt was great .
super fast and friendly service .
definitely recommend them .
my favorite tire place .
i would recommend them to anyone !
great experience there fast service friendly staff .
would recommend it for all your tire needs .
would definitely recommend .
this location is the closest to my house and these guys are amazing .
just purchased a new used truck and it had some nails in the tires .
amazing service !
it so happened to have a huge nail in the side of it .
superior service , no complaints about being there late and extremely accommodating .
i am so happy i bought my tires here !
the whole staff there were so nice .
awesome and fast service .
justin took care of me today and reminded me why i always come here .
thanks !
such great customer service -- top notch !
this time .
thank you to the staff and doctors !
i feel so much better .
great friendly staff as well !
thank you dr. kelly and staff .
thank dr. austin for your excellent work and being so thorough !
love this office !
dr. kelly and his staff ( especially james ) were absolutely amazing !
i highly recommended az max to absolutely anyone !
thank you , az max !
they are the best !
2nd time at this office and equally impressed as my first visit !
truly a wonderful office !
dare i say the best of the best ?
loved our experience with this facility .
they are so nice and professional .
the level of care was excellent .
they called and checked on her as well .
very happy with them .
this is an amazing office !
the dentists are so professional and intelligent .
the staff really care and treat people with such great respect !
they are phenomenal !
his assistant was amazing too !
i can positively say that i have yet to experience any of those .
the staff was so nice and very helpful with everything .
amazing people !
saved me so much !
would recommend for a first choice in oral surgery .
he and his team were thorough , professional , and so kind and considerate .
i highly recommend az max !
this place has pretty good food .
love it !
great place when you 're in the mood for something different .
recommend the hawaiian salad .
love the pineapple and strawberry garnish at the end .
great atmosphere .
i always get the bbq chicken and love it .
the macaroni salad is good and i usually dont like macaroni salad .
the staff has always been nice and helpful .
the grilled mahi mahi is awesome , as is their spinach salad .
great staff and very good food .
all the food was cooked to perfection and i loved every dish .
great food and very nice staff !
the atmosphere is very local style and the people are totally laid back .
the food is always pretty good .
the salad is great and the rest is always pretty good .
love this place !
even the rice are so moist and delicious .
i move back to az a few months ago and discover this place !
so happy .
the staffs are so nice there too !
i would highly recommend it to anyone !
different , but still good .
really enjoyed this hawaiian restaurant !
great , friendly service .
the coconut ice cream shake is amazing .
really good food and friendly service .
the grandma chocolate cake !
i enjoyed eating here .
the staff was friendly and the food was really good .
the groupon is well worth the value .
simple hawaiian dishes but tasty .
we have been here multiple times and we absolutely love it .
there 's always a sense of genuine hospitality .
i love their food .
there food is cooked to order and delicious with simple hawaiian fare .
serving size is great too .
this place is tasty !
chicken katsu is the best with the spinach salad !
the katsu chicken is amazing .
the sauce is great .
it 's a good place to grab some food and hangout for a while .
it was awesome : tender , juicy and flavorful .
the slaw that came with it was also delicious .
a perfect ending to a meal .
will absolute be coming back !
it tasty and at a good price .
they even stayed to serve the food .
wish it was closer to home .
chicken and beef both excellent !
food is very tasty .
service is good .
very friendly staff .
we love this place !
quality of food and service is always outstanding !
delicious food !
really , really good food !
but no can smile ?
love this place !
it 's a great place to grab a quick casual meal .
the food is always fresh and tastes clean .
love this place !
i highly recommend those .
my son loved their garlic shrimp but everything i 've had was great .
highly recommend !
really a treat .
fresh , tasty food and plenty of it .
great menu choices with authentic flavors .
nice , casual atmosphere .
this place is delicious .
so ono !
pretty expensive for the portion size , but the food is great !
the staff there are also really friendly .
would definately recommend this place .
love this place !
so good !
and the staff is always so happy and friendly !
also they have a great coupon on groupon !
service is always fast and the food always taste freshly made !
really neat authentic hawaiian restaurant .
love this place !
the spinach salad dressing is amazing and pork with rice is consistently great !
customer service is also nice and everybody is very friendly .
been coming here for years and it 's highly recommended !
food was good ... .
the service was excellent .
the sticky chicken had great flavor and the hawaiian salad was superb .
it 's the best hawaiian food out there .
they also cater , even did my wedding .
i tried out several of their dishes and loved all of them .
love this place !
looks good .
great job !
i enjoy the two meat combo with katsu chicken .
the shredded pork is good too !
good service too .
the food was great , cooked perfect .
it 's casual , hawaiian music .
i thought it had a faint asian flair to it .
i thought it was delicious !
the meal also came with a sweet and ripe slice of pineapple .
customer service was great !
both were incredibly delicious .
great place and if i had more time here , i would go back !
so friendly and the food is delicious !
and ever first friday is all you can eat grub .
i 'm loving this place and will be back often .
just plain delicious and authentic hawaiian food , made to order !
recently remodeled , nicely done !
patio seating when the weather is nice !
totally authentic .
you get the best of everything !
friendly and fun place to take the whole family for some amazing mexican food !
this is a good place to bring the family .
love the beans and rice .
tonight i had the veggie burrito and it was good .
the chips and salsa are excellent .
always good service .
great food !
loved the enchiladas !
others in the restaurant loved their taco salad , fajitas , & tacos .
really good when strangers tell you how good their food is .
the food was hot , perfectly spiced and delivery with a smile .
the prices are higher than they should be .
love love there authentic mexican food .
stopped here yesterday for lunch and the food and service we both excellent .
both were tasty and my picky wife liked it .
most importantly my beer was served right away and refill came just in time !
i 've eaten there about a dozen times and each time has been great .
the complimentary chips and salsa are great too !
i recommend starting your meal with a cheese crisp !
one of our homestyle mexican favorites .
the dining room could be updated but the food is excellent .
which i appreciate !
if you want some great mexican food eat here .
all around good place to go .
the food was delicious .
we loved the food .
definitely worth a second & third & fourth , etc .
great mexican food !
one of my `` go to '' places in mesa !
very reasonable prices !
the salsa is mild and has a great taste !
the food is delicious and the staff is quick and friendly .
classic mexican food for a really great price .
they have really good enchilada sauce their tacos are very good .
i love the special bean burro with green chili and butter .
if you love mexican food you got ta try this place out .
their food is the best in town .
great authentic mexican food !
tried a green chili chicken enchilada today and enjoyed it !
just the right amount of spice and full of flavor .
prices are great , authentic food !
family owned too !
this is my favorite mexican food place ever !
great food .
great staff .
the service was very polite and friendly .
what a surprise !
the food was great with wonderful flavor .
would recommend this place to everyone .
food as usual is amazing .
sonoran mexican food at it 's best !
the tortillas are fresh and you can tell they 're homemade .
the green chili is amazing and the salsa too .
everything is fresh and made to order and the service is great .
definitely give casa a try , your stomach will thank you !
unbelievable !
i recommend anything with green chile on it .
new location rocks .
it 's very nice and new .
nice move !
fair prices .
one improvement , some days the chips taste a bit stale .
hands down the best mexican food in the valley !
the green chili is amazing !
the staff and owners are friendly and the atmosphere is great .
it was great .
new location is right next to me .
the meat is great .
great spices and tastes great .
panda is good .
but the service here is awesome .
so friendly !
excellent customer service .
easy to navigate and a great selection .
daniel was thoroughly hospital , friendly to my family , friend , and i .
will be back !
outstanding family event !
if you are in the phoenix area -- this is a must !
the food is delicious !
it is a wonderful place .
it is great for families , couples , out of town guests , everyone !
dont miss this arizona gem !
i thought this place was adorable !
the food was wholesome and flavorful !
i enjoyed my time here !
we all had a wonderful time !
the kids love it , food was great .
keep it up !
we love this place .
it is awesome and very entertaining !
we have been 2x and its always worth it .
the food is pretty good .
i 'd definitely recommend it .
quaint buildings pretty good food .
extremely nice asian lady behind the counter .
the honey mustard chicken was phenomenal !
great toasted sandwich .
the owners are very nice .
thank you !
i journey to this location because of the people that work here .
the franchise owners love their store and love what they do .
i love it !
great service done timely .
clean !
courteous .
were we ever pleasantly surprised !
i like this place , we 'll stay here again .
customer service was great and the scenery is amazing !
love the fact that everything is very conveniently close by !
the scenery was amazing !
- well thats my biggest impression of this place .
great place !
also booked rooms for a couple nights .
still , it was a great place and hopefully will remain so .
comfortable bed , nice facilities including sink and fridge .
new ownership and it shows !
kids .
thanks az golf resort .
a bit outdated but the hotel staff took great care of us .
we really enjoyed staying here .
very nice place !
nice rooms and pleasant atmosphere .
i will definitely stay here again !
thanks !
the customer service was great .
friday night karaoke is a hoot !
we had eaten here once last season and it was excellent .
his steak was tender with a delicious port sauce over it .
has a very knowledgable waitress , lynn , and very efficient lady .
watching my kids enjoy this place is almost good enough for me !
plus of you are a rewards member extra points !
great selection , tons of toys !
a bit overpriced but a great selection !
he was easy to work with and friendly .
a+ for customer service !
i really appreciate the people who work at this particular location .
my kids love the toys and mom loves the customer service !
happened to catch an amazing sale so i got some amazing deals !
what impressed me the most was the workers !
they were caring and really fun to shop with !
all the ladies were extremely nice and helpful .
thank you ladies .
great service and super friendly staff .
mike and his team are incredibly professional and cover a wide range of services .
i would definitely recommend him to all your insurance needs !
best insurance group to be part of !
i highly recommend it to everyone .
fantastic service from these guys .
they came back the next morning and started right away .
the bathroom was extremely clean when he left .
looking for an honest plumber , this is it .
had a great experience .
make sure to get extra wontons there really good .
had breakfast with my son today and it was a great experience .
quick and friendly service .
great food .
service was great .
we eat here about once every two weeks .
the service is super great and the food is super great also .
great variety too !
they are always super helpful when we bring our children .
it was all delicious .
it 's like anything ... the people make a big difference .
the food has been good and the price fair .
breakfast is pretty standard stuff and the lunch/dinner is very good .
i have to say it was excellent !
additionally the typical `` more seasoned '' waitresses here are rather nice to see .
the girl who took my x-rays was quick and gentle .
the dentist i saw was dr hall and she was so sweet and understanding .
she was gentle and made sure to answer all my questions .
i would _num_ % recommend this office !
dr. hall is great !
one of the best experiences i 've had with a dentist !
they are honest , friendly and do good work .
ed and matt are awesome !
thank you all for the terrific care !
really excellent staff .
with just one exception , the nursing and support staff was fantastic .
the nurses were professional and competent .
this hospital is the best i have ever seen .
they are taking such good care of my mother .
as well as all patients .
the care is thorough and they are nice to us , as visitors .
everyone we talked to was fantastic .
they were all so nice and explained every process .
i highly recommend this hospital if you ever have an emergency .
the doctors , nurses were absolutely the best .
they are amazing .
i love the nursing staff .
i highly recommend this hospital .
i like this one the best out of all of them .
1st of all , best bean dip ever .
the fried ice cream is delicious too .
its a great place for groups and parties .
everything was great with great service .
i had a combination plate with an enchilada and taco it was great .
we will most certainly eat here again .
the bean dip is awesome .
service was excellent , food was excellent , atmosphere was comfortable .
i enjoyed eating at serrano 's .
the bean dip an salsa with their chips was excellent !
very tasty .
great mexican food and very family friendly .
their customer service is amazing .
their margaritas are amazing and you can not come here without trying one !
this tends to be a spot we go to on friday nights !
lunch specials , fast service !
the good was wonderful as always .
one of my favorite mexican places .
they are the best .
beth is the best waitress in az .
she knows how to serve and please customers !
this restaurant is great .
i really had a good time .
possibly the best mexican food i 've had in arizona !
this place is absolutely fantastic !
i really like that they give you bean dip with your chips !
they also have some great desserts .
the food is good , reasonably priced and usually comes out very fast .
we are new residents here in mesa and several people recommended serrano 's .
this will be a go to place !
the food was great and we loved the bean dip !
smiles and great food all around .
good standby place , with good food .
very nice environment with good service and good food .
my family 's favorite mexican restaurant !
this has always been my absolute most favorite place to eat .
their beans and salsa are so good there as well .
we have always enjoyed the food , friendly staff and reasonable prices .
mesa has something like _num_ mexican restaurants and all of them are really authentic .
my favorite is serrano 's ... mesa ... a lot of fun .
enjoy !
we just went on a busy friday night and had phenomenal fajitas !
the service was amazing !
the food was brought to us piping hot .
serrano 's has great food , service , and atmosphere .
we 'll definitely make a return visit .
the food was excellent and the service was outstanding !
the food and service were fine .
i really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere .
i love this place .
you know what your are getting here and the staff is always friendly .
this is our most favorite restaurant .
she makes us want to go out for a meal .
you 're doing a great job !
love love love this office !
and have always felt like they 've given the best care possible .
we are new to this practice .
bedside manner was great .
love this place !
all the providers are friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful .
however my experience has been absolutely great here .
we 've had debbie each time and just love her !
i believe both of my sweet dogs are alive today because of this facility .
compassion and excellent follow up is the norm here .
highly recommend .
the best emergency animal clinic we 've ever used !
care and compassion plus !
they treated my wife and i with respect and understanding , no ill judgement .
the vet was also very professional and understanding .
i highly recommend this facility and would use again if needed .
i was really impressed with the quality of care we received at 1st pet .
i feel they found the perfect medium of professionalism and courtesy .
my dog is doing very well now thanks to god and the caring staff .
i would highly recommend them .
i found a stray on the side of the road christmas night .
i have no doubt this stray is in good hands !
the doctors here are awesome !
i would recommend them to all of my friends and family .
he is just outstanding in my book !
he is incredibly smart , kind , and he takes time with his patients .
as a medical person , i really appreciate his dedication to his practice .
i 've had great experience with the office staff as well .
best service ever !
kyle is friendly and accommodating .
this one has a nice deli , bakery , and the produce is awesome !
always clean !
i love coming here .
love this place .
which is a huge plus !
great grocery store over all with the exception of the deli department .
the store is very clean and well stocked .
they have a great coupon policy , discounts and fuel points .
al was incredibly easy to work with .
thank you !
al was fantastic !
what can you say ... it 's sees candy !
outstanding store !
clean and stocked !
amazing !
thank you see 's , youre awesome !
i do love this place .
very personable and seemed to really care about her customers .
she will go far in life , i can tell .
great attitude .
everything here is great !
chick-fil-a definitely fits that bill , and their food is delicious .
every fast food place should run as wonderful as chick-fil-a does !
super nice employees .
always smiling .
great customer service !
the good is perfect everytime .
a pleasure !
i love chick-fil-a !
the staff has always been super nice every time i go .
it has great service and the food is amazing !
excellent job !
toni was extremely kind and understood our order perfectly .
definitely a _num_ star rating .
it made our day that much better !
well done hr .
the cafeteria has ample seating and is well maintained .
on call doctors were the best !
so good : ) the cashier was very friendly too during both visits .
customer service was excellent .
thumbs up !
courteous & professional !
i had a great experience there .
the doctor was professional and helpful .
i was very pleased by the entire encounter .
she is very thorough and really wants to serve her patients .
the staff is friendly and knowledgable .
great first experience with the exception of woman at the front desk .
food is always hot and fresh .
baked ziti ( soo good !
best pizza ever !
he is a good man and a great dr !
got ta love that .
overall i think they do great work and david is very courteous .
brian the mechanic that worked on my car was very respectful and honest .
thanks brian .
i highly recommend this shop to do repairs on your car .
the staff at this brake masters are very nice and friendly .
i will definitely be a regular !
i love this brake masters !
robert and dave are amazing !
the entire team is amazing !
nothing but outstanding comments regarding the entire snow operation .
great office , team , and doctors who care !
not only great dentistry , but service as well !
great staff and beautiful office .
everyone who works there is very friendly and professional .
love this place .
the friendly environment made it all the better .
the food has been delicious both visits .
i love their breakfast !
not gourmet , but a nice atmosphere !
the food always looks and tastes great .
i would tell anyone to go there for a nice time , very homely !
amazing service and food .
will come here every thanksgiving !
the customer service was excellent considering there is none in most businesses .
food 's decent but staff is really great .
its a nice place to good for a meal , great for kids .
christine is the best !
so far so good .
the staff is super friendly and polite .
super friendly and upbeat .
definitely made our experience even better .
but what compelled me to write this review is the service .
keep up the great work !
i just am grateful for excellent service . )
they do a great job of putting on this event .
nice course , challenging , yet still fun to play for the amateur .
great time at the course !
conditions were great with the exception of some casual water in the bunkers .
take your drop and move on .
fun course and friendly staff !
great course !
both times it has been pretty backed up , lots of waiting .
course is beautiful .
it must be a good restaurant .
always been good !
always very good , prices similar to other places .
the food was deliciously hot and fresh .
customer service was great .
would recommend any day .
great clothes great prices for growing kids .
best price anywhere !
store seems clean and well organized .
summer sales on display in front of the store .
my son passed away in _num_ , and they were very compassionate and helpful .
everyone here was so kind , helpful , and knowledgeable .
the staff went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect .
i really like this particular starbucks !
staff is very friendly and very efficient .
one of my favorite locations .
keep up the good work guys .
good starbucks .
friendly staff .
very clean .
great crew !
have a wonderful day .
peace .
this lady is a tribute to customer service above and beyond .
you 're awesome !
excellent faster service .
love to do business here .
they were timely , decently priced and made us feel extremely welcomed .
i would definitely recommend them along with go az in scottsdale .
i recommend them highly !
keep up the good work , you will be hearing from me again .
my experience with tyler was phenomenal .
and answered all my questions with ease .
these guys a very knowledgeable and helpful .
turned out to be a relatively easy fix and bike runs great again .
would highly recommend the guys in apache 's service department .
also there are some improvements coming that will amaze you !
had a great experience at staples today .
their employee stephen was a great help !
thank you stephen !
incredibly helpful .
will continue to use them more in the future .
the orders are quick and right , every time .
prompt , efficient and friendly service .
keep up the good work !
always fast friendly service .
fresh hot fries .
great food .
i highly recommend it for breakfast .
great family-owned company .
i also had ocean air service the a/c unit in our home .
mike does great work and a fair price .
i recommend using ocean air .
he was honest and forthright and even recommended someone for me to call .
thanks mike !
professional , friendly , on time , and reasonably priced .
he went above the call of duty and made me a satisfied customer .
kudos to dave !
got my tile and fixed my roof !
great customer service .
thanks for all of your help !
what an awesome experience !
definitely a bit higher than lowe 's on most products .
great hardware / home improvement store .
if every one of your employees was like dave you are in great hands !
he was so helpful and patient and completely made my day !
i am so grateful for patrick and his help and wisdom !
thank you !
+ very helpful and friendly .
lots of everything you could hope for & stuff you have no need for !
i liked it .
wanting to go back to see what i can score for a good deal .
lots of unique items here .
you can find nice handmade decor for your home .
during the winter tho its great .
great for little gifts at a reasonable rates .
hey hey !
there are great deals to be had and there is something for everyone .
your best bet is to come early , eat early and leave early .
one of our favorite stops whenever we are in mesa !
we always start in row d so we can check our the new vendors !
it was bigger than we thought it would be .
there was a lot to see , and it really helped us kill time .
+ they have a lot of space to cover and food to boot .
we had an excellent experience at this location .
would definitely recommend this location for new tires and service .
our experience at fletcher 's was great !
the manager , eric , was so friendly & patient .
everyone was so friendly and helpful .
we will definitely be back !
great fast service and very helpful and friendly staff !
service like this is what keeps me loyal !
these guys are amazing .
great service and even better people .
i would recommend them to anyone .
robert is awesome !
i trust him with my cars and that takes a lot .
he always takes care of my family and friends also .
very honest and the best prices in town .
very friendly and fast .
decent price .
would recommend them ... ... ... ... ... .
next time try being a pleasant human being when you go places !
robert and his team have always been efficient , timely , accommodating and helpful .
robert is excellent .
got a great deal on tires and also service items .
prompt and efficient service at the price i was quoted !
thanks robert !
thanks guys see ya next time .
awesome service !
highly recommend them !
and excellent customer service .
will recommend them hands down # _num_ tire shop .
and will be returning for their great service .
thanks jason ... you rock !
the service was fast , professional , and affordable !
i will definitely bring my car back for all my i 'll changes .
thank you .
jason was great .
gentle and great eye for color .
hair came out beautifully .
thank you .
i love barros .
everything from the sauce and toppings to loving the crust , truly perfection !
fantastic and professional staff .
it was a wonderful first visit and i will be back for sure !
my first dental visit in years and they were the best !
great customer care .
he was obviously treated extremely well by their staff !
thanks for being so kind and understanding !
very happy with the service i receive here .
very nice , friendly , clean office .
very happy and hope to do business for a long time here .
she has to be the best vet i have been to .
trust me - you and your dogs will love this place !
the folks at power road animal hospital are the best of the best !
very , very professional , yet down to earth .
thanks again for the terrific service and compassionate treatment during a difficult time .
they truly want what is best for your furry baby .
both the technician and dr. were very patient with her which i really appreciated .
they answered all my questions and explained everything thoroughly .
i definitely found my new vet .
love this place !
her costumer service is beyond professional .
hands down , the best service i 've experienced .
first off , the office was so clean !
i was in awe of how well kept the office was .
second , the staff there is so nice and so professional !
but , the kids love it and this review is in honor of them .
food comes out fast and is delicious as well .
it 's also very convenient to have the vet inside a petsmart .
great place with amazing steak .
kids beg is to go here and service is always good .
i 'm a new fan of the outback steakhouse .
i am not a steak person , so this suites me fine .
staff was personable , nice and efficient .
our server who happened to be the owners son was wonderful as well .
will def go back again !
over all a great place to eat .
the staff is great .
our favorite is nicole with the pretty black curly hair .
the food is great and always fresh .
the people here were friendly and the food was great .
thank you for great attention to my last visit .
manager himself brought the steak back which was a pleasant surprise .
i had another wonderful experience at this location .
i love this place .
most the same people for years and i love them all .
i highly recommend this outback over others .
service was prompt and knowledgeable ... dana was simply great .
we really had an excellent experience .
the bartender was extremely nice , i think her name is lindsey .
wow what a difference good local management makes !
who ever is doing the hiring here , keep up the great work !
every employee was friendly professional and attentive .
great tasting steak and good shrimp !
great job mesa !
food was good .
overall it was a nice luncheon .
the food was amazing the cooks know what there are doing !
the bold spicy steak is amazing .
we greatly appreciated it !
pork chops are well seasoned and quality .
and i 'm definitely a fan .
it 's always a good night at carrabba 's !
highly recommended for special occasions .
thank you carrabba 's !
the food was very good and the service was excellent .
my portion was very filling .
they even had whole wheat spaghetti which is rare to find in a restaurant .
always our favorite place to go for any special occasion .
awesome food , good wine , romantic atmosphere , and excellent customer service .
the manicotti was excellent , great salad , good bread , and great service .
good atmosphere .
great place to eat !
the bartender was attentive and nice .
the food was great , and the prices were surprisingly reasonable .
very nice combination of sweet and savory .
minestrone soup was well seasoned and full of vegetables .
i am a big fan and will definitely become a regular here .
we also ordered the lasagna , which was delicious .
loved the food , and the experience !
the chicken bryan is very good especially with spinach as the veggie .
their steak is tasty and the pasta dishes are done very well .
a great place for a nice meal .
this was my first time here and the service and food were very good .
wow it 's packed and everybody is having a blast .
thank you all !
one of my favorite restaurants !
so good !
the perfect ending to a perfect meal !
my husband and i had a great time !
has a wonderful meal as always .
the service was great and they gave me a free appetizer .
we love this place .
great atmosphere .
terrific food .
we love this place .
definitely something for everyone !
our son enjoys the calamari .
we definitely will be back .
really good for a chain .
by far , my most favorite italian restaurant .
service is awesome .
first time here and the manager luis made it extra special .
food is fresh and yummy ... definitely come back here and talk to luis .
he is kind and accommodating , we 'll be back .
visiting from out of town and wanted a nice place to share a meal .
food was awesome and the atmosphere was perfect for visiting with old friends .
the last few times the service has been tremendous - i mean on point .
pleasant cesar salad and fresh bread with a glass of great moscato .
visiting from out of town and wanted a nice place to share a meal .
food was awesome and the atmosphere was perfect for visiting with old friends .
my favorite restaurant .
fabulous food and excellent service .
one of my most favorite places to come to !
the food is always amazing and my service is always amazing !
my food is always super yummy , fresh , and hot .
we had a wedding dinner party on july _num_ , _num_ .
everyone called me the next day to tell me how much they enjoyed themselves .
thanks to you and your staff .
we will most likely be there again in september for my husband 's birthday .
see you there .
the filet marsala is the best .
always a great dish and the side of mashed potatoes is a must .
this place is always so attentive .
have been coming here for years and danny is great !
he is friendly and always smiling !
the food is the best !
with martin behind the line you ca n't go wrong !
little bit of a wait but well worth it .
lisa took great care of us -- excellent service .
thanks so much for a delicious evening !
the manager was extremely generous and we left with smiles on our faces !
great food and great service .
every time we go the meals are good , with plenty to take home .
it pays to call ahead .
they do n't take reservations , so calling ahead is the next best option .
i keep stepping out of the box and still have loved the new dishes .
caesars salad the best ... .
been a regular since they opened never been disappointed .
excellent service .
good specials .
the sangria was delicious .
it has a nice atmosphere .
good location .
this is our favorite cheers bar .
carrabba 's is my favorite place to go when i feel like being fancy .
i always like carrabba 's .
and it was great again this time .
service was attentive and accommodating and nice to our baby .
the facility is always clean as well .
the coaches are professional and courteous .
great with my young kids .
also every time i drive thru they always get my special requests right .
i enjoy coming here .
wendy 's is a very good fast food joint .
i had never seen a physical therapist before so this was a new experience .
i was pleasantly surprised .
he is upbeat , enthusiastic and encouraging to his patients .
i would highly recommend this office .
i recently moved and just started going to this location .
good experience overall .
michelle cut my hair & did a very good job .
great cut especially for the price .
will def go back again !
they did great !
not perfect , but great job .
nice job !
clean car and great workers .
got wash and wax , my car is so beautiful .
they did a superb job , on our car , thank you .
best car wash in phoenix !
amazing detail shop !
great service all across the board !
will recommend to my friends !
i will definitely be back !
thanks eric ( miller ) !
i am very pleased with his work and even more so with his professionalism .
bob and ben are fantastic .
thanks , bob and ben !
the kids at the table had fun and enjoyed their meals .
this place has the most amazing artichoke appetizer .
my kids love it .
one of our go to spots for a nice dinner .
love the shrimp !
hubby and i met here with a friend that lives in this area .
the wedge salad was good , and the desserts were awesome .
and the seasonal white chocolate bread pudding , which is excellent .
their ranch is really light and very tasty .
we just sit at the bar now and the service is great .
we just sit at the bar now and the service is great .
i always like their steaks here .
the sampler platter is good and their food is consistant .
we have always had good service .
they are easily better than outback steak house .
has stepped it up a notch from our last visit .
lovely experience .
all in all , good value !
had the rib-eye and it was very good .
best steak i 've had in a long time .
service was also good .
everything was excellent !
service was impeccable .
eva was great and management was courteous as well .
food was really good .
she was always smiling and made the environment family friendly .
my family and i eat here occasionally .
great customer service !
i ordered the steak well done but seated on the outside .
the hostess and waitress were friendly & very helpful !
love their wings , to die for , great margaritas and ribeye !
love tuesdays as they 're all day happy hour .
a well organized petsmart , with a good selection of items .
this store has the most friendly and knowledgeable employees .
friendly staff that always greet you .
she absolutely loves him .
the staff in the groomers is amazing & very friendly .
i highly recommended nature 's miracle brand .
everybody in the store is very friendly .
all groomers the were so friendly , and accommodating .
the drive is _num_ % worth it for us .
found what was needed with ease and employees were friendly and efficient .
great caring people , grooming service at a reasonable price !
easy in & out too .
i popped in once in hopes that it would be somewhat similar .
i will definitely be frequenting this place !
please come back to chandler !
everything was fresh , place is clean , bright and inviting .
the quality is decent .
service was great .
i 'd definitely eat here again if i were in the area .
this staff is outstanding , very polite and courteous .
it 's hard to find good quality service people .
the place was busy but everything stayed stocked and was fresh .
keep it up !
i 'm meeting a friend there today .
the salad items appeared to be fresh and the soups were good .
staff were friendly and helpful .
this place is always packed and especially during snow bird season !
overall , greatly satisfied .
i recommend this midas auto service to my closest friends .
that 's how much i value this place .
great place !
they have the best price on the market !
take your car to midas and scott will take care of you !
definitely recommend them .
i would highly recommend them for service .
this place was neat !
every need is anticipated for and well taken care of .
they have taken amazing care of everyone we ever sent to them .
while we were n't in a hurry , she was very patient with us .
always tasty .
drivers are friendly , orders are quick and hot .
reasonable price and decent food .
pizza was hot and fresh and the service was amazing .
thanks chad !
i love domino 's and my pizza is always fresh and delicious !
i will definitely be back !
i liked the shirts they had here for work .
definitely worth the stop !
really beats driving to tempe and the prices are better and drinks are better .
this is my regular spot .
nice lanes .
it was a good mix of people of all ages having fun .
we all had fun with a smooth play .
this place was great !
our group had a great time and i even got a turkey !
wow , these guys were great !
friendly people , great exterior wash !
great !
worth the drive from gilbert .
great service for cheap !
very excellent washing !
excellent place !
best drive-thru car wash i have ever been to !
this is the best place to get your car washed !
they 're equipment is top notch .
the car was beautiful .
i highly recommend this place for an affordable , worthy car wash .
they do a great job of washing the outside of your car .
great care and attention to detail !
would recommend to all !
great service with a smile !
open early and awesome from sandwhiches !
the staff are always amazing !
keep up the great work guys !
we both had their french dip sandwich and we both thought them great !
nice little hidden gem .
the manager beth anderson is always so nice .
the other managers are great too .
great flavor , just the right size .
it 's totally worth the try .
rob , the installer is highly qualified and very personable and proficient .
highly recommend !
this location is right next to my place of work .
thanks for the great service taco bell on country club !
quick service , super friendly !
the waiting room is clean and fully stocked with coffee and current magazines .
highly recommend !
amazing service !
soooo great !
will always come back to this location !
very quick service .
due to this fact it is important to me to have a clean car .
my little guy loves coming to `` school '' every day .
the ladies are all friendly and my kiddo is happy !
and the price is good .
the environment is clean and safe .
neat and clean and within walking distance to restaurants and some neat sports bars .
great staff with quick check in and fresh coffee and a huge parking lot .
stayed here last weekend .
friendly staff .
ac worked great , and it was a quiet place to stay .
good breakfast , nice location and comfortable .
very friendly and patient staff .
they also have the most advanced technology which makes things run smoothly and faster .
first impression as i walked in : clean , organized , friendly and educated .
thank you for a pleasant visit .
she assured me she could and asked me to have a seat .
great office !
dr. heather was awesome , kind and competent .
great doctor , great staff , very thorough and very efficient .
i would absolutely recommend this office to all my friends and family !
very authentic mexican food and the portions are huge .
me and my family go here all the time .
it is authentic mexican seafood for sure .
i 've had several different items and all are great .
i 've been to this restaurant numerous times and i strongly recommend it !
i love the ceviche and shrimp cocktails , both are absolutely excellent !
if you are looking for a great lunch spot , it 's a must !
the food is really good , definitely a place i recommend .
seafood rocked !
good portions , service , and fast delivery .
i found it fun and mood lifting .
you can always tell a good restaurant by the crowds the place draws .
and there is always a crowd here all the way until closing time !
delicious !
i love it !
completely love this restaurant .
the seafood is absolutely wonderful .
it 's fairly big inside and get packed full of people .
the service is friendly and the environment is lively with vibrant mexican music .
great food , friendly service.
great place .
priced well as well .
overall this is one of my favorite lunch spots .
i found it be pretty decent !
i would recommend this place !
ridiculously good barbecue .
the brisket and rib tips were excellent .
the macaroni salad is amazing and the baked beans are good too .
i 'm stuffed right now , yet craving more .
great bbq , excellent service .
i left full and happy .
love it !
but the food is delicious , well worth the money .
the brisket was tender and smokey .
i would definitely recommend this to people who enjoy the sweet bbq sauce .
their regular fries are also very good .
fries were good too .
this time they had home made potato chips and they were great !
food is great and staff is excellent ... thats why i keep going back !
oh i love toms bbq !
awesome atmosphere .
specials are well priced .
bbq sauce is served hot .
the best part is the food !
absolutely amazing .
great smokey flavor .
they accept restaurant.com coupons so it really is a good deal .
and the service is great .
the gal who runs the front is a gem !
chicago bbq it says and it 's super good .
great food .
the service is friendly and takes reasonable time .
great for kids .
this was an amazing italian beef !
the food is excellent i can not believe the flavor on the barbecue sauce .
the meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned - very smoky and delicious .
i give extra points for the bathroom experience .
wow !
this place toms bbq rocks and i bought the tee shirt too !
consistently good food and service .
and the people there are fantastic .
i love eating at this location .
the staff treat you with warmth and help you make the right choice .
i love their hot bbq sauce but the mild is just as good .
its fun and makes you feel comfortable to dig in and get messy .
pretty good italian beef , little dry , but good .
the best part was the hidden bathrooms !
my guests loved the pulled pork .
yay and as always the customer service was fantastic .
my catering order was prepared and ready on time and delivered with a smile .
best in phoenix !
super honest knowledgable guys & great pricing !
metro fire is run by great guys .
great mechanic !
highly recommend this auto shop .
very happy with work !
highly recommended and fixed within a day .
very reliable and most importantly , very honest mechanic shop .
the owner is nice and easy to deal with .
he makes sure you understand all of your options before he works on anything .
i highly recommend auto tech !
great work !
fair price !
they did an awesome job .
i would definitely recommend !
bob was beyond great .
he 's extremely honest and helpful .
highly recommended !
bob at valley east collision was great .
but the great reviews bob got did it for me .
i highly recommend this place !
we are truly lucky to have this place locally .
keep up the good work !
great service today .
overall , great experience .
alma school verizon hooked me up today .
thanks so much !
super helpful friendly staff here !
my experience at this verizon location was quick , easy , and fun !
he was informative and not pushy at all !
he was funny and helpful , but also clearly informed and professional .
they said _num_ weeks and i got it in two !
it 's definitely worth the trip !
see ya there !
he approached a 2nd time , at the perfect moment .
we are happy with our selection and look forward to enjoying our new tv .
my husband and i love this place .
excellent customer service .
i am very happy with the new tv .
really good customer service though .
i had a good trip !
i would highly recommend them !
the staff has always been friendly and helpful .
thanks to the whole team for a great job !
will always remain a customer !
the customer service here is top notch !
everyone that we 've ever dealt with has been extremely helpful and friendly !
other than that , great selection , excellent service , and fair prices !
i went and was helped right away .
all of the employees were very nice and helpful .
she was very friendly and professional .
so far so good with the hair .
the staff was helpful and nice and answered questions .
always great service and a clean environment .
the place is very clean and has a lot of products .
i would recommend this place !
this place is awesome !
she was very helpful and very nice .
i will definitely recommend this place to others !
i was just put on to yelp and i love it !
the place is spacious and the sale associates are very kind .
thanks yelp .
thanks sunny 's hair and wigs .
she helped me with so much & was very humble & never pushy .
wonderful place and staff thank you for your help i will def be back !
love their hair and their selections .
it 's my favorite east side hair store .
always have the new styles and i love it .
thank you ladies .
i absolutely love this place !
the customer service i receive is amazing .
they are always very patient and willing .
she made my experience fun , and helped me try on different blonde wigs .
best and only place i 'll go to get my extensions !
product was of high quality .
i highly recommend sunny 's hair & wigs for your wedding day extensions .
fast efficient service and the younger guy ringing us up was very friendly .
we love our new floor !
we are very satisfied with the final job .
loved the job they did .
they were great .
they fixed my floor and it looks beautiful once again .
they did an exceptional job of cleaning up after themselves when they were finished .
highly recommend .
it exceeded our expectations .
i would recommend these guys to anyone considering wood floors !
i am very happy with both the product and the service .
they kept us well informed during the process .
love the new floors !
brian 's crew was wonderful to deal with and very professional .
quite honestly the nicest guy , brian , in the industry .
what a great shop !
great customer service and will be back !
yep im a fan !
they are a family owned business and it shows .
dale jr runs an amazing shop !
so far the job looks good .
this place is the best !
i love these guys .
honest , affordable , great customer service !
great guys .
will defiantly be using them again !
these people are really friendly and helpful .
thanks guys for fixing my man machine !
they do little things that make a big difference .
the entire staff is friendly , and we love the tint on the car .
nice people great prices work performed was great .
thank you so much !
highly recommend over any other car audio place !
love this place .
thanks guys !
i really enjoyed my visit here .
i appreciate the effort and will be shopping here in the future !
i received great help there from eric .
i love this place .
the staff is knowledgeable , friendly and helpful .
great selection , friendly and knowledgeable .
prices are excellent .
two weeks later and were very happy with our tree selections .
our backyard is just getting started and you 've earned our business going forward .
the staff is knowledgable and genuinely cares about your experience .
everyone is so friendly and they did a fantastic job on my dog .
their prices are great , too .
i 'm very happy and aunt donna 's is now my new groomer .
best groomers ever !
aunt donna 's groomers are great with our dogs and excellent cuts .
i recommend aunt donna 's to everyone .
they did a very good job on both .
i have been bringing my pups here since i moved to mesa .
i am very satisfied with the way they do business .
my pups see john everytime .
i highly recommend this business .
by far the best in the valley .
we follow donna and will continue to !
her groomers are the best .
the staff at aunt donna 's is wonderful with him .
adam hooked us up with a great tire deal here .
price matching , top notch service .
always honest and doing the right thing for the customer .
i stumbled onto brian 's tire pros years ago .
they have always been friendly and honest .
not the fastest place but definitely one of the best .
great place !
they got the tire in the same day and installed .
owner was nice and took care us .
brian and everybody else is great .
they do great work , competitive priced , and friendly .
nice job !
i highly recommend this tire pro 's location !
it took about an hour to do the work .
great service , very friendly .
honest , friendly , and great customer service .
impeccable service !
i thought they were very professional .
thanks guys .
our team here at presidential pools & spas have always had a great experience .
thank you brian !
very friendly , and very efficient .
highly recommend .
the customer service is exceptional !
highly recommend .
installation of these tires was fast and easy .
trustworthy , dependable and professional service !
staff is always friendly and honest .
i love to support smaller shops and brian 's is just that !
that 's what i did and i will be back !
this is a nice place to wait for your car .
everyone is really friendly and the work is excellent .
just the customer service alone will keep you coming back .
being a member is above being a customer .
always enjoy doing business here without the chain store attitude .
seriously the best .
rick and the mechanics were beyond amazing !
we will definitely be coming back !
the building is clean and cool .
great customer service and prices .
rick has been honest and straightforward .
they offer great service and are honest .
ask for keith he is great .
great customer service !
brian has a great attitude and he makes you feel welcomed .
i would definitely recommend this place !
would definitely recommend to anyone needing tire or auto repair .
always great service at a even better price .
highly recommend them !
long time customer , always happy with the service .
it 's a business ... things come up .
i recommend this place to everyone i know .
they are always very nice .
_num_ % honest .
they are also the best prices in town .
they have a very nice waiting area with two tvs .
fresh coffee , clean bathrooms .
i recommend them all the time .
fantastic experience !
great service with knowledgeable and accurate diagnosis !
always great service and no unnecessary up selling !
they have the best customer service i 've ever seen in a repair shop .
highly recommend if you 're looking for honest mechanics .
i recommend this place to everyone .
thank you guys !
these guys are awesome !
he is honest , quick , friendly and priced perfectly .
will definitely return here when we need work done .
very happy .
thanks brian !
the owner was friendly and took good care of my truck .
happy i stopped by !
james is super nice !
cute waiting room !
will definitely go back !
i love this place !
how sweet of them !
these guys do an amazing job and do n't try to rip you off !
the owner and employees are nice real people .
this place is a rare gem , especially in tempe !
both james and nicole are super friendly , quick , efficient and honest .
i will be back and have already recommended them to others !
i had a great experience here .
very fast and friendly staff .
with a smile .
i will recommend stinky 's to everyone and i will definitely be back !
this is literally the best oil change experience i 've ever had .
the employees are super nice and the quality of work is phenomenal .
the very best !
went repeatedly , and service is consistent .
this is the best place to get an oil change in the valley .
love this place !
way to go guys , thank you !
i will not take it anywhere else .
been coming here for _num_ years and they 've only gotten better .
car is always nice and shiny and the people are nice .
all i can say is wow !
the guys did a great job and the car looks brand new !
definitely going to recommend these guys to my friends and co-workers .
i 'll definitely be a return customer .
thanks again guys and keep up the great work !
they always are timely and a very competitive with their pricing .
we have always been very happy .
the customer service was great .
the breakfast buffet they had every morning was good as well .
great pool area .
the breakfast and dinner is really good .
the staff is very friendly and accommodating .
the management staff was very friendly and introduced themselves during the happy hours .
but it was pretty good .
otherwise ... it was nice and we 'd stay again .
positives : felt safe and secure .
excellent staff .
breakfast and dinner ( mon - wed ) free and delicious !
truly enjoyed our stay here while home being renovated .
excellent value .
good size room for the price .
breakfast was good .
we had a great experience here .
the staff was super friendly and helpful and our room was clean and comfortable .
the staff even gives a welcome bag with a thank you letter hand written .
nice touch !
loved it !
great shower water pressure , and the hotel is immaculate .
so far impressed !
it was awesome experience .
extremely friendly staff , the breakfast was amazing .
room was clean and smells nice .
place is so quite , and has a good location !
thanks ronald !
give this mcdonald 's another shot guys !
love mcdonald 's ice coffee drinks .
the service i have been receiving has been superb .
not only are all the staff wonderful .
bartender nate always gives great service !
great place near the mall !
jenna , our server was very nice .
consistently a good experience .
we are here at least once a week !
good food , good service , and nice relaxing atmosphere , !
was a very nice evening dining experience .
i got the large feast and was absolutely satisfied .
will come back to this location !
service was on point and our meals we satisfying and tasty .
good work guys , i 'll give ya another try sometime .
this is a beautiful restaurant !
it has beautiful high ceilings and is very well kept .
went there for dinner with my boyfriend and the food was delicious !
our waiter was very polite and attentive .
we will definitely be back !
the food is great and the service is exceptional .
nice night .
i just love the food !
our experience at this location was wonderful and the service was great .
the food was prepared well and seasoned nicely .
overall a great experience .
fantastic !
the new england clam chowder was also really good .
i also had the most amazing chocolate martini !
my waitress , jane , was nice and very professional !
i 'll definitely come back soon !
finally a place with good shrimp and you get what u paid for .
it was awesome !
will be back !
good service .
decent price .
good biscuits .
good service and food was great !
food was good and service was also .
great place for some seafood and always enjoy their crab legs .
the food was excellent , great big portions of lobster .
great staff .
always dependable when traveling in different cities .
got the salmon with shrimp sauce .
friendly people and great service .
very filling with mash potatoes and broccoli .
i recommend this practice to all of my family and friends .
great service and support as usual .
plus these guys really helped me out .
fantastic service !
they were rather busy that afternoon but all the employees were really nice .
best experience getting tires i have ever had .
the waiting area was comfortable and clean .
everyone there was so friendly and helpful , will never go anywhere else !
2nd time i 've been here and i 'm really happy with them !
gilbert helped me today and he was on point .
very helpful and friend .
excellent service and kept their promise on time .
jason was excellent from start to finish .
these guys are just the best .
customer service at the counter is top-notch .
great price so i said ok.
fixed at great price .
great customer service given by gilbert !
i will definitely be back .
i always get exceptional customer service at discount tire .
can always count on them to look after you !
recommend them to anyone and everyone !
customer service is great !
they have a great team of people working at this location !
great experience !
wow , that 's helpful !
he was super patient !
love the subtle , but tough look !
thanks everyone !
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
i highly recommend these guys .
i highly recommend this place for back and neck pain .
the staff is excellent and very friendly .
it 's seriously the whole package .
i can honestly say this is the best pt experience i have ever had .
thanks for the great job !
i look forward to going every time !
top notch professionalism .
i would recommend giving this company a try .
excellent customer service !
techs have always been friendly and polite .
i would highly recommend this company .
these guys are awesome !
well it worked !
they did an awesome job !
i am a very happy customer !
i highly recommend these guys .
we have been with them for _num_ years now and have been very pleased .
thanks guys !
great local business that does the job better than the big guys .
really amazing experience from start to finish that exceeded my expectations .
i was very impressed and would used them again any time !
always great service and always the friendliest technicians .
highly recommended .
thanks blue sky !
that has happened a couple of times to treat for ants .
i have referred you to a couple of my neighbors and they are happy .
excellent !
i recently moved to gilbert and transferred my service .
honest and professional !
craig is super friendly .
service is quick and they do a great job .
craig is honest and pleasant to deal with .
they are very knowledgable and fair as well .
thank you !
craig and his team are fantastic .
their prices are very reasonable and the team is thorough , helpful and honest .
i highly recommend them for any servicing needs for your vehicles .
these folks were so darn polite , respectful , and honest .
both the doctors are very professional and personable .
the care we 're receiving is very good and we could n't be happier .
thank you dr rob !
rob and his staff are top notch professionals .
results vary , but i started feeling relief within the first few sessions !
i love the folks at mesa chiropractic .
i recommend them to everyone .
staff is filled with great energy , nothing but great vibes .
i 've been going there for three weeks now & love it !
now that is customer service done right .
very good !
easy peasy pick up !
they guy that works in electrical really knows his stuff .
pretty good location .
employees are always around and helpful .
the home depot staff is knowledgable and is very helpful .
sure enough , there 's a variety of everything you would need .
i absolutely love this home depot location .
definitely recommend !
thank you home depot !
... ... thank you !
the staff at this location were extremely helpful and friendly !
atomic is a great comic shop .
our mattress is wonderful and was delivered exactly when promised .
love this place .
also the guy that helped us at the time was awesome .
i was very happy with my experience in the store .
the customer service was great !
the mattress was delivered on saturday and it is amazing !
love , love , love r & s !
thank you so much carlos for all your help !
awesome service !
awesome prices .
everything was perfect !
great place to buy a new mattress .
i have referred several people here and everyone has had the same positive experience .
best way to get a high quality mattress for a great price .
the process was easy and the prices were great .
very friendly and knowledgeable sales people .
nice , easy purchase .
delivery man , justin , called carlos .
carlos was great !
great service the moment i stepped through the door and was greeted by carlos .
best selection , service and prices !
carlos knows his mattresses and is extremely reasonable .
great experience !
mattress was delivered today right on schedule !
they are good people and treat you with respect .
best buy in phoenix .
excellent client service !
our shopping experience was great !
everything from start to finish was great !
thank you !
awesome service !
scott , justin and eric were great !
chuck and joe are amazing .
good service good pricing !
great service .
great prices .
she loves it : ) .
scott was so friendly , fair and gave us a great deal !
so happy we went here !
very nice man , who made us feel very welcomed in a new state !
the new manager tim is on top of his game !
great service , tons of stuff in stock and willing to special order .
one of the best shops in az for sure .
adventure bicycle company always gives above and beyond service .
the owner bill and his staff are knowledgeable , friendly , and incredibly helpful .
very easy going style in this shop .
service is exceptional my husband has been a customer since it opened .
these guys are awesome !
highly recommend this place if you have bike needs !
best bike shop in town .
great bike shop .
i would highly recommend them .
top notch bike shop .
perfect combo for a bike shop .
i highly recommend .
this is my favorite bike shop .
great shop !
honest people .
i recently moved to the area from chicago .
by the next afternoon i received a call bike was ready .
these guys are always great .
they have great customer service and do quality repairs .
then go to adventure and see the difference .
thanks austin for a job well done !
this is a great company to do business with .
the service was just fantastic , and they were in and out quickly .
great experience !
the phone receptionist was kind and very accommodating .
there staff is friendly and very professional .
i recommend them to anyone that needs there service .
thanks mike you do a great job .
the guys did a great job today .
carpet is clean and it even smells good too !
respectful , clean cut workers you enjoy having in your home .
jim was on time , friendly and professional .
our carpets look brand new !
very happy customers !
and by the way , the house smelled great after they left !
i everything they did they did well .
brett did a great job cleaning our carpets last week .
i received a recommendation from a friend who i trust .
he was friendly and made appropriate small talk .
my carpets look great and dried quickly .
highly recommend their service .
great service , great product .
they always do a nice job and they are professional in every way .
thanks !
all in all , a very good experience .
the technicians are always super friendly .
my carpets and upholstery look amazing after they come to clean them .
thanks guys , highly recommend .
highly recommend these guys .
friendly receptionist got me saturday appt .
tech jacob was outstanding .
extremely professional and friendly .
performed job efficiently and quickly .
tremendous change noted in results .
would definitely highly recommend .
i hung up researched online and found you !
thank god i did !
i believe happy employees equal happy customers !
our tech was the best part of our experience !
i highly recommend you to everyone !
thank you !
we have always had excellent technicians .
very impressed with the entire transaction .
i am happy to report that the carpet still looks great !
dave was a very pleasant guy .
i am a naturally curious person and i loved watching and learning .
very happy with my tile now .
great experience .
extremely efficient and thorough .
excellent results !
wonderful service !
every spot i wanted cleaned came up and my carpets look brand new again .
chance was friendly , efficient , and punctual .
would definately recommend to anyone wanting carpets cleaned .
the job was well done , the second time around .
dave was professional and did a great job .
excellent service !
will definately use again !
friendly yet professional .
will go the extra mile to make you happy !
great service , clean carpet ( mine was white ) friendly and knowledgable rep .
i would recommend to friends .
every bit of work has been perfect .
knowledgeable , helpful , well staffed .
sean was always honest up front and extremely easy to communicate with .
eastside performance is my `` go to '' motorcycle parts and service shop .
sean and his techs are honest , reliable , and efficient .
absolutely love their staff !
great place at night !
good experience .
hot fudge sundae looked and tasted good .
this chain place lives up to its reputation .
fast , tasty , and clean .
the cashier was nice and not rude .
the food is good too !
i always and will always go here for all of my alterations .
i love them !
i love it .
this alteration shop is the best in the east valley .
everyone who has helped me was always very friendly and pleasant .
the alterations were affordable and the work was done well .
the two ladies who work here are so wonderful .
they are beautiful !
they did a spectacular job !
this place is legit !
i bought a used wedding gown at a charity event .
i recommend and will be back if i need any alterations in the future .
she did a wonderful job on my dress .
highly recommend .
love this place she is amazing !
always friendly , on time and affordable !
i was measured right away .
i had a great experience , they are friendly and reasonably priced .
i received my dress back in _num_ weeks .
my bridesmaid dress turned out perfectly .
i highly recommend this place .
they have helped me perfect my perfect wedding dress .
i have two very positive experiences with them .
they listened very closely to her and the end result was beautiful .
i would highly recommend them to anyone .
hands down the best place to get alterations done .
my dress with build up and alterations was done in two weeks .
everyone i spoke with was very nice .
the ladies here were sweet and helpful .
they did a good job and the price was great !
i 'd definitely recommend them for anyone looking for good prices on tailoring !
absolutely _num_ % impressed and happy with my alterations .
very friendly & professional !
everyone of the ladies that work here are beyond professional and know their stuff .
everything they did to my dress was beautiful and professionally detailed .
i highly recommend coming here .
excellent service .
worked mostly with eva who was great at offering suggestions .
they are amazing !
they do great work and are very reasonable .
thank you so much !
you made me feel very special and beautiful .
nice ladies who work there .
simply the best .
they do great work and prices are reasonable !
ray is the owner and does a fantastic job .
prices are the best in the whole of phoenix metro .
i called ray based on chris ' review .
i feel so lucky to have found this wonderful trust worthy repair shop .
he is amazing really a great mechanic !
ray and his crew did an incredible job .
thank you sir !
if you want a good mechanic take your car to ray .
his employee tony is also a great person .
his prices are extremely reasonable .
go see ray , you will be very happy you did !
great honest guy .
he has always done an excellent job at an affordable price .
at last , an honest mechanic .
he is just an amazing quality guy and does amazingly fast and quality work .
i 'm very happy !
it 's hard finding an honest mechanic .
luckily , we found ray .
honest and affordable .
ray is gon na be honest with you .
pricing was decent and also very straight forward .
loved that .
did the job , did it well and for a great price .
i will definitely recommend them !
as always , great service at reasonable prices .
will continue to come back again and again .
great work , fair price , nice guy !
will go back everytime !
pretty cool owner and staff .
as good as it gets !
dr. fox has been seeing my _num_ year old son and he is wonderful .
staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
it was a good recommendation !
accommodating and professional .
the staff was professional , kind and everything we hoped they would be .
wonderful experience at a very sad time .
she explained the process to us and left us very satisfied .
he was very precise on the process and cost .
this is a _num_ generation business .
they are successful because you are treated like family .
we loved this place !
unique .
wow !
the chicken i got from there was fantastic !
the location sucks but it is what it is .
really good .
i will always be back !
it is a little gritty .
the food is worthwhile .
just a new sign .
the absolute best !
great hotdog !
delicious ... just like the ones i had in tucson .
these small joints are always the best .
its a small place but was able to sit inside & it was clean .
boy was it good !
it was fresh too .
hubby had street tacos and thought the flavor was great .
awesome hot dogs !
the bread is amazing just like the ones in sonora state !
the best sonoran hot dog i have ever had !
they really make the tacos .
damn good .
i love their buns almost like a croissant .
their horchata is a little more creamy - i thought it was good .
the taste is sooo good it 'll make you jus want more .
all in all great place and budget friendly .
best sonoran hot dog in arizona .
very good sonoran hot dogs for a decent price .
interesting location , but food is worth it .
super yum !
everything from the sonoran hot dogs to the tortas are delicious !
it 's a small joint , but worth the $ $ $ .
terrific .
wonderful flavors , and filled me up nicely .
great little place !
turns out they have very good mexican food at very reasonable prices .
all the reviews here are true .
the bun was soft and delicious .
great dogs .
best mexican hot dogs in town !
yes they are that good .
the bread and everything combined is sooo delicious .
i also got the horchata which was on point .
it 's good real good i must try if you have n't had .
mickey 's tacos is awesome !
their sonoran hot dogs are awesome and their other food is wonderful .
they are so good !
love , love their sonoran style hotdogs ... they are legit !
best ones this side of the border !
this place is a gem and we will definitely be coming back often !
these guys make a damn good sonoran hot dog .
it is very authentic and very tasty .
best sonoran hot dogs this side of the border !
quick , easy and delicious .
they also have many other tasty items on the menu besides hot dogs !
come once and you will be back !
the owner is gracious and kind hard-working cares about the food .
i had to tell my fellow yelpers about this gem in old town mesa .
really good sonoran hot dogs .
very tasty and very reasonable .
clean little place with pleasant service .
great sonoran dogs !
quaint and cozy and great service and amazing hot dogs !
found this place when we were visiting family and wow !
best hot dog i 've had in a long time .
highly recommend this place !
will definitely be back when we come visit next time .
the salsa is hot .
so good !
both were delicious but that hot dog was so great .
very happy with this place .
loved everything about it !
tacos and hot dogs were great !
hubby and i were both full and wanted to order more !
hubby has traveled all over the country and loves hot dogs .
he says `` this is the best hot dog ever ! ''
the hotdogs are great and service is amazing !
highly recommended to anyone !
the bread is so tasty and sweet .
the owners are very kind .
those downtown la dogs cant be beat but these hot dogs came very close !
this is one of my favorite finds while visiting in the mesa area .
real authentic sonoran hot dogs !
a nice little taste of sonora !
delicious sonoran hot dogs !
the food was delicious , and the service was quick !
one of my favorite hotdogs .
outstanding hotdogs !
i live right around the area and had never been here .
excellent food and sonoran dogs .
my husband and i went for the weekend .
the beds were extremely comfortable .
they completely saved our entire vacation .
clean , friendly and fast .
i highly recommend .
the ladies that work here are very nice , and polite .
very comfortable , to say the least .
yeah !
the technician doing my test was friendly and kind , and knew her stuff .
overall , had a very nice experience , and i will return .
insight is very affordable !
i love the techs !
these guys are the best .
put my mind at ease and was great .
definitely qualities everyone should look for in a pediatrician !
we love both locations .
they are great- my children are in good hands .
he is the kindest man and so easy to talk to .
love this office , as well .
i love this place !
love this place & i highly recommend it !
he is the kindest man and so easy to talk to .
i highly recommend him !
it is everything wayne promised and then some but the installation is elegant .
it looks like a professional job .
the technician came within hours and did a thorough inspection .
wow !
look no further for your a/c needs as they are the best .
that 's amazing service for arizona in the summer time !
their work is of the highest quality and their prices are fair .
chris was professional , on time and full of helpful information .
i appreciated his honesty and suggestions .
the technician was very nice and helpful .
all three took great care and pride in their work .
super nice people !
still just as great as i remember it .
we all sat close to one another as well .
i love it when servers know how to treat children .
good food and quick .
the hot pastrami sub was very good .
food is pretty good .
it 's super thin and cracker crispy , lots of toppings and flavor .
we were a perfect match made for the streets of new york !
: ) so , stop by !
good sandwiches too , particularly the pastrami .
we were in a hurry and i was super impressed with the staff .
amy answered the phone and delivered our pizza within an hour .
i will be ordering again !
it might have been a wee bit salty but otherwise very good .
overall i was pretty happy .
probably one of the best `` happy hour '' menus i have found .
great food and good prices on wine and appetizers .
try the garlic toast and the artichoke dip ... both are great !
on a recommendation from a friend we came here .
like , seriously .
best tomato basil soup ever !
philly cheesesteak sandwich was great too .
the potato wedges that come with the chicken are also great .
the food here is pretty good .
our food was wonderful .
i loved the environment .
i love streets of new york !
it is a great spot for lunch , great service and food .
the salads are excellent .
a new favorite for us .
pretty decent hotel .
my rooms is clean and smells fresh .
had a great stay at the hilton on our way through to colorado .
thanks for the clean room !
highly recommended !
great service great pricing .
very impressed with the quality of work and the outcome of the system .
highly recommended .
i 'm was definitely impressed with audio by tj and his extremely competitive prices .
best decision for any car audio needs .
tj honestly does amazing work .
he recommended tons of different options for the best quality sound within my budget .
i always recommend him to my buddies .
his prices are competitive , but more importantly , his service is fantastic !
highly recommended !
thank you tj keith is one happy guy !
stereo sounds better than before and i am very happy for it .
i will definitely return as i continue to upgrade my vehicles .
thank you !
tj is a real pro .
thanks again , tj .
tj was great and he got the job done on short notice .
he was tremendously friendly and did a great job .
nice job , tj .
the layout is great for the game .
i have been here a couple of times and have a blast .
the games are plenty long and give you plenty of time to have fun .
the staff is great and they seem to have fun working there .
i really enjoy coming here , despite the high prices .
if you do n't like it , fine .
but if you 're the competitor type , this is your place for sure !
you will break a sweat at this place .
it 's so much fun for both adults and kiddos .
he was simply a nice old man .
this is a great comic shop .
the staff is very knowledgeable and the atmosphere is terrific .
there are always people laughing and telling jokes .
this place is great .
it 's one of the best comic book shops in the valley .
the staff are knowledgeable and friendly .
quality place , quality comics , quality dudes .
great comic shop , one of the top ones in the valley .
the staff was great in helping me start my new son 's collection .
the best place to experience comic book culture .
it 's loaded with back issues and the staff is always extremely helpful .
on top of the great service , they also have great prices .
great little shop .
the staff was great .
this place always has good older books at good prices .
the staff is knowledgeable and helpful .
i love this place they have a great selection and are very helpful !
place is fantastic , always friendly and very helpful .
we enjoy our visits .
i look forward to `` new comic wednesday '' to b.s .
howard and dash are hilarious and very knowledgeable .
this place rocks .
classic comic book shop .
go there , look around and have a good time .
the staff is amazing , friendly and knowledgeable .
service is good .
fantastically nice service , and it 's genuine .
highly recommended .
this is my favorite chinese restaurant in mesa .
they give you pretty good sized dishes .
the owner is really nice and always attentive .
we have n't been there in a while but he still remembers our family !
very nice friendly service .
food very good and prices really reasonable .
simply the best !
awesome on value and quality .
big helpings , scrumptious food and personal service , in a nice family setting .
i loved this place !
the servers were extremely polite and friendly .
the food is good and i always walk out with a smile .
ive had a lot of chinese in my time its my favorite food .
this place is top for the price !
i will be back here soon !
went here again recently with family , was again amazing !
so worth the price !
nice quiet meal with family .
the previous reviews are all accurate , especially about the egg roll .
overall a very good chinese restaurant .
the orange chicken , beef broccoli and triple delight a very good .
very reasonably priced very good food .
this is the best chinese food place i have eaten at .
i very much recommend this place !
i 'm so happy i found this place on yelp !
this is a old favorite !
this place is awesome big portions for a great price .
been coming here for years , still good portions at great prices .
tom is a good friend with the family .
huge portions and friendly staff !
will definitely come back the cashew chicken was the best i 've ever had !
great food , excellent prices .
friendly service , and large portions .
this place is so good it 's mesa hidden treasure .
i love coming here for lunch or dinner .
the eggrolls are the best i 've ever had .
the orange chicken is amazing .
great food , great pricing and friendly staff .
he knows us by name and knows our drinks !
always start of with pot stickers and won ton soup !
love this place .
tommy is awesome , treats you like family .
good and so much in a serving .
golden valley has been a family favorite for over _num_ years .
i swear i dream about it.
very authentic chinese food here .
the owners are real sweet and the portion size is huge .
great for lunch too !
good enough place .
easy to find , easy parking .
the kung pao is pretty good .
my wife ordered the sweet and sour chicken , which was very good .
i felt very good after eating here .
would definitely recommend this place to my friends .
keep up the great service !
the kung pao chicken and the hot & sour soup were amazing !
complain , i dare you .
fantastic food with great service and at amazing prices .
best chinese food i 've ever had .
the service is over the top .
best experience at a restaurant ever .
the type of small business you want in your community .
we will be come back here real soon !
quality and quantity .
the owners are awesome and take care of us like we were family .
food is always top notch !
this is a little gem of a restaurant .
the service is very personal and fast .
their food is excellent and the portions are large .
the pricing is very reasonable .
try it and you will be hooked .
very delicious .
delicious orange chicken !
super happy workers .
my favorite chinese joint .
food is good and plentiful here .
very funny guy .
great variety .
delicious food and we always walk away with a ton of leftovers !
super nice people there too .
great price for the portions as well .
great food and service !
one of my favorite new spots for chinese take out style food .
will return again .
starting off the customer service was above what most restaurants give you .
other than that a great place and will return .
stacy and his crew are terrific .
for those reasons we had a great experience with prime roofing .
this company is a gem .
stacy and the crew did a great job on our house .
i 'll definitely be referring prime roofing to anybody that asks about our roof .
i will continue to recommend prime roofing to my clients .
this is a great place to get sushi .
give this place a try and you 'll be back .
and by the way , it 's healthy for you .
this is what real sushi is about .
he is fantastic and full of class .
much respect to johnny and his staff .
the sushi is very very good and great care goes into the preparation .
for the price , the sushi and sashimi are decent .
watching the teppanyaki tables is always a treat .
we love it .
at the end they even bring us fruit !
we love it .
she was thoroughly entertained .
staff was attentive and very friendly .
unique and fun .
sushi chefs are funny and entertaining .
great rolls and awesome specials .
sake is really good too .
it is a great experience !
great food !
great food , great service .
great place to bring the family .
great service and pricing , sushi was pretty good too .
i love sushi !
friendly staff also .
great conversation with the chef with family in the sf bay area .
no line , fast service , nice people small dogs welcome .
i marked this place as a fav .
nice couple !
he 's the owner and is extremely nice .
gives that small town feel to the place .
keeps a good staff .
the people who work there have always been pleasant and helpful .
i had the recent pleasure of purchasing a part there a couple weeks ago .
very to the point but very friendly also .
always provided good service and the prices are reasonable .
not cheap , but quality work at a reasonable dealer price .
friendly and easy going salespeople .
the service department always makes you feel welcome .
i had a great experience with this dealership .
she answered all my dozens of questions and explained everything in detail .
highly recommend !
honest , caring , and knowledgable .
highly recommended !
this vet is great .
they truly care .
the staff was so gentle and caring she never put up a fuss .
thx best friends for truly caring .
excellent i took two of my dogs to gets shots .
staff is so friendly and make you feel like your pets are their pets .
everything is clean and organized .
funny cat in the front office .
thank you so much !
i have referred lots of people to him and everyone has been thoroughly satisfied .
thorough , good , and cool .
we have been using scott for years , he is awesome !
seriously , great guy , great service , reliable and trustworthy .
not the cheapest but definitely the best !
i highly recommend this company for all your cleaning needs !
awesome .
great service .
will definitely go back for all my automotive needs !
thanks , matt !
always good service and pretty decent cost .
we were very happy with the price & time it took .
mark helped us & was great to us .
love these guys !
every sandwich is excellent and filling no matter which you choose .
a favorite pizza place for mom and me !
i love this place .
the pizzas are great , but their salads are my favorite .
i love the antipasto salad with their house made dressing .
it 's pretty inexpensive and actually good .
best buffalo chicken wing pizza and awesome service !
great pizza .
the house dressing is amazing and worth pouring all over a sandwich or salad .
wow !
always love coming to this location .
good service .
great pizza .
i 'm crust lover and everything i 've tried is great .
i 'm definitely a fan of the sausage there .
the best pizza i have ever eaten !
i absolutely love this pizza .
of course the staff is always friendly .
food and service at nellos is pretty good .
the food here was really good .
we ended up splitting it with the whole table , and it was fantastic .
i had the murphy pizza , which was very good .
would definitely recommend for casual pizza & beer night !
my husband and i love nello 's pizza !
the strawberry fields salad is soooo good .
the service is amazing .
the ambiance is romantic on a cool night out on the patio .
i 'm a woman of variety and nellos has it .
everything was absolutely heavenly !
it was so flavorful , and the crust was amazing !
good selection of beers !
this is one of the good nello 's !
always decent and never quiet .
my husband , the kids we all love this place .
it was so good .
nello 's is our favorite neighborhood pizza place , hands down .
ask for the whole wheat crust ; it 's the best .
i absolutely love nellos even more than my first encounter .
the people here are super friendly and there are a lot of regulars .
they just make you feel so welcome .
marvelous , splendid ?
do yourself a favor and check this place out .
the whole group loved their pizza too .
agreed it was some of the best they have had in the area .
but the food actually surprised me here .
great deep dish pizza , great salads .
deep dish always hits the spot .
awesome pizza and great service .
super friendly and a pleasure to dine out here !
best pizza you will ever eat !
nellos is consistently good and i have been going for over _num_ years .
love their garden salad with the house dressing .
keep up the great work !
great place .
quality food , great beer and great service .
jessica was our server and she was great .
one of the best pizzas in the valley .
chicago style pizza with great crust !
i would recommend this place to anyone .
crusts and sauce are a great appetizer or an inexpensive meal .
deep dish pizza with pepperoni and sausage is fantastic .
it 's a local establishment with a small business feel .
love nello 's .
love the thin-crust pizza , and their salads are awesome .
consistently great service .
i 've also had the deep dish pizza and it 's great too .
highly recommended !
the cheese is so good and fresh .
i love nello 's !
this is a great destination for a lunch break .
i have been going to this nello 's since i moved to the valley .
i have tried pretty much very pie they make and they are all delicious !
but i absolutely love their deluxe combo on thin or original deep dish .
great pasta dishes that are large enough to share .
great friendly service , at a great price !
my friends ordered the `` kilt lifter '' beer and loved it .
this is hands down the best deep dish pizza in the valley !
if you like bbq chicken pizza , nellos has the best there is !
probably the best pizza i 've had .
delicious and love the gluten free option .
all of the pizzas were amazing !
the server was attentive and very nice .
nice crust with amazing sauce .
best pizza in town .
best deep dish pizza i 've ever had .
very friendly staff .
the food is always awesome , service is good and the smell , yum .
smells the same way it did _num_ years ago , delicious !
best deep dish pizza around .
definitely our favorite .
garlic bread delicious !
pizza phenomenal !
wish it was more like deep dish but crust tasted great !
staff was wonderful !
love this place , there salad dressing alone is worth the trip .
original crust hawaiian is my favorite but everything is good .
chicago pizza rocks !
this place has amazing food .
they are sooo good .
and their appetizers are great as well .
the atmosphere around here is nice as well .
the service is great and friendly .
to top it off ... awesome pizza !
the pizza tasted very fresh with fresh ingredients .
we also had the bread with melted cheese appetizer which was also great .
i will return ... .
love nello 's .
the sausage pizza was great and i hear they make it themselves .
the place was crazy crowded ... and we still got a seat right away .
great waiter and very friendly .
great local place and no wonder they have been open for so many years !
friendly staff and great food !
always love going to nellos and love the house salad and house dressing .
it fills up fast .
spinach pie , asian salad , and house salad all great !
get there early on weekend nights because it is popular !
the staff was so great and friendly .
the pizza was very good , too !
i 'd recommend getting the original crust !
we also got 1/2 hawaiian and 1/2 pepperoni .
by far the best pizza i 've had since moving to az .
fantastic !
i love this place .
the house italian dressing is so good i 'm tempted to drink it .
i absolutely love this place for their food and service .
the strawberry salad is amazing and the house dressing is worth the trip alone .
after ten years still the best .
my recent trip to this nello 's was great !
our server kyle was extremely nice and attentive .
great pizza even better service !
our server michael was fantastic .
very prompt and attentive .
salad was super fresh .
caesar salad dressing was good .
pizzas came hot out of the oven .
we will definitely be back soon .
love the remodel as well .
both their thick and thin crust pizza is always delicious .
our service is always fabulous whether you are eating in or taking out .
also , the house salad dressing is my favorite restaurant dressing of all time .
i always buy a bottle for home !
great sauce and crust they have won a customer for life in my eyes .
awesome pizza every time !
everything is made fresh !
also they have a very good gluten free pizza much better than most !
nellos is by far my favorite pizza place .
last night our family went to nello 's for a graduation ceremony celebration .
not only was the pizza fantastic so was the customer service .
it was a great night and going to nello 's made it even better .
this is the best chicago style pizza in phoenix !
the original style crust is wonderfully golden and crisp !
our favorite pizza is pepperoni and sausage !
the sausage is delicious and made every day !
our favorite salad is the old world classic with the delicious house dressing !
it 's also great for dipping the pizza in !
the place is the best !
going to see if they deliver here in mesa .
super antipasto that comes with garlic bread , awesome pizza & service was great .
really good pizza ... we have not tried the other menu items yet .
service was fine .
this is a great place for friends .
really enjoyed our visit .
it 's the best .
the same staff is always friendly and smiling .
and please tip and respect your server !
it rocks !
they have such good pizza .
the atmosphere is electric and service is great !
we absolutely loved it !
will be back for sure the next time we are in town !
as always , nello 's is consistent .
bartender 's and server 's are friendly and speedy .
still an excellent experience !
it is good to see places that maintain their quality standards over time .
i 'm not even a fan of pizza , but i love this place .
amazing !
so delicious and made with perfection !
best pizza i have ever tried !
the crust is super delicious .
def will be ordering take out from here !
the pizza was really good .
it has really good flavor .
but i 'll definitely be back for pizza .
but nellos make the best that i have ever tried .
best pizza on the planet .
i tried the turkey avocado for a change and it was fantastic as well .
oh well , it was good either way .
the pizza is great and the salads are yummy !
good service and great food , what else can you ask for .
this is the location we will be frequenting from now on !
seriously could eat it every day .
service is always great .
came across this place while on our way to panda express .
must say this is up in my top _num_ for pizza places !
our server rachel was so kind and helpful !
and made the experience even better !
we are hooked !
awesome service ... .
, and a classic pepperoni !
one member of our dinner party found the pepperoni somewhat salty .
their house dressing for the salad is amazing .
this place is simply amazing !
but the pizza is to die for .
best bacon you 'll find anywhere and a very impressive _num_ beers on tap .
it 's not just good , it 's nello 's good !
definitely family friendly pizza place .
also i highly recommend the triple baked wings .
the staff here is dedicated and the food service is very efficient .
love the craft beer selection as well .
eat here tonight !
i moved to the area recently .
it tastes just as good as it smelt !
will be back soon for some more !
love love love nello 's !
brian and rio are the best and this place feels like home to us .
pizza is good here but i really love the wings .
service is generally fast even with a full crowd .
owner is very accomodating to my vegan friend .
the staff is always friendly .
service always good and the pizza is awesome .
lots and lots of baby stuff !
her prices are great .
she and her staff are very nice and extremely helpful .
i recommend this place highly .
i really like this place .
love it .
i will definitely be back time and time again !
awesome place !
the owner is very nice and friendly .
will definitely be back for my next party !
this dairy queen is the best in the world !
he rocks the shake machine .
delicious crappy for you food we all grew up on .
the staff is so friendly !
and the place is clean !
i really need to branch out , but it 's soo good !
the employees are courteous , always serving up our order with a smile .
they had great service when i came .
they were nice and smiley , and the place is really brightly lit .
also , the staff were all smiling - kind and courteous !
your dipped cones , blizzards , and sundaes are pretty splendid as well .
now , please hand over that delicious cold treat that i 've been craving .
he was very nice and personable .
he was not rushed , and made me feel very comfortable .
what an absolutely amazing group of people !
what an amazing staff !
i would recommend this program to anyone .
my doctor is trustworthy and thorough .
i love this medical practice .
i recommend them to anyone who asks .
our experience here over the last _num_ years has been great .
great care and service .
they make you feel like family .
very thorough and explains everything to you .
fabulous !
best $ i have ever spent on a party !
it was as good as a disney experience !
such a fun time for the girls !
this place is great !
we had my daughters party here last year , it was amazing !
she and her friends are still talking about the fun they had .
the staff is fabulous & etiquette lesson was superb !
great job ladies !
the girl who was the hostess was also so helpful and sweet .
totally recommend this place for a birthday party !
my daughter and all of her friends had such a wonderful time .
such a cute place !
thank you for making my daughters birthday so special .
the whole party was done so well !
i 'm so happy with the whole experience !
honest people great work !
just a good customer service !
if you like mexican food this is a good start !
they even have some employee that understands english !
love love love my amazing backyard thanks to legacy .
these guys were honest and very quick .
i definitely recommend legacy green solutions .
the whole process was painless !
large yard area with _num_ large dogs and it 's still beautiful !
i would recommend them to anyone and call them again in a heartbeat .
thank you steve for the quick service on a sunday .
what a great experience ... steve was so professional and nice .
this is how great service is done .
he repaired and got our water running again .
we are very pleased with cost and service .
we highly recommend smith plumbing .
this place is awesome !
they were so kind and helped me out .
the front desk gal was amazing and very sweet .
i will definitely recommend them to anyone .
excellent customer service !
this place is great !
we recommend them highly !
i would recommend this place to anyone in the area .
this has great food and a laid back atmosphere .
great place to bring the kids .
service is good and the ambiance is fun .
the kids meals are a great size .
started with the chips and guacamole ; very fresh and tasty .
i ordered the hawaiian burger and it was really good .
the fries were also tasty and now come with meals , which is nice .
original style grill shop .
anytime !
good selection for a late nite menu .
the employees are courteous and the service is fast .
clean and friendly .
if you want a good down home meal , this is a great place .
we had fantastic service and wonderful food !
chop it all up real good and use your toast as a spoon !
the food is consistent and always delicious .
staff is friendly and hospitable .
the sausage was excellent .
it was very tasty and price was super cheap .
nice smile and efficient .
best coffee ever too .
the price and 24/7 breakfast will always keep ppl coming .
the service was very good , april was a great server .
i had a good first experience here and i 'd come back .
good service and nice people .
she 's pregnant and she loved the waffles and hashbrowns .
very nice ma and pa style restaurant .
good food , great prices .
fun place .
servers are exceptional .
delicious food and coffee !
great food .
very fast , very friendly , very impressed .
mom and dad really like waffle house .
the food is tasty and fresh .
the service is always on point too .
impressed for a dive bar !
got ta say i love this place .
the food is decent to above average .
the chicken fajitas are marvelous .
our waiter on this recent visit was efficient and friendly .
chevy 's to the rescue !
if you go in knowing what to expect , you 'll enjoy your meal .
that 's all right ; made for good service and fresh food .
with that out of the way , i absolutely adore chevy 's .
other than that , i love it .
favorite mexican restaurant in az !
good , fresh food .
the portions are very generous .
there are so many reasons to love chevy 's !
awesome table side guac .
fresh homemade tortillas that you can watch being made !
food is good and the portions are huge .
the food is very fresh , service is good .
i love , love , love chevy 's .
their chips and salsa and the best .
i was pleasantly surprised that i had a response from the regional manager .
i will visit again .
thank you !
happy with results .
it was easy , thorough , and affordable !
small place with a lot of good hot sauces and a really nice owner .
bought a flaming mango habanero sauce for _num_ after trying it , delicious .
fresh sweet mango flavor with a good kick in the back .
excellent stuff .
their jalapeno hot sauce is the best in the land .
we go through a bottle a month - outstanding !
they have a great group of people working there .
nice atmosphere , great staff only place i can find top gear magazine !
of all my denny 's experiences , this one had been the best location .
the staff is friendly , the food is quick , and its clean .
the area outside is nice , and well lit .
perfect hang over food .
this diner is simply the best .
the young lady at the front was really polite and genuine .
the food was also good !
great job to your crew at this denny 's !
some of the best service i have gotten at a resturant hands down .
i do n't remember her name but she was a beautiful platinum blonde .
food was good but were will be back for the great service !
i can see why .
this location was very clean and well staffed .
always enjoy a good breakfast , fast and friendly service like always .
food was great .
definitely will be back .
thanks for the great customer service .
everything is new and i love being the first to live in my apartment .
very clean and the office is very nice .
very happy and highly recommend .
amazing changes and improvements all around .
great place to live .
the store is a decent size with a very wide variety of wedding dresses .
they are also very good at finding dresses that may also fit your tastes .
we found my dress !
i 'm happy , but most of all , the bride is happy !
david was always very nice and complimentary .
the prices are great and they are willing to make it work for you .
i am a very happy customer !
had a great experience here !
i would definitely recommend it !
awesome place to store !
great manager !
easy to use !
highly recommend !
highly recommend !
the customer service is outstanding , very helpful and friendly .
great place !
the food is good , great portions and the price is reasonable .
i just love this place .
i had no problem , i love it.
the service is good .
the prices are good .
the food is good .
loved it !
the whole family should be able to find something they like there .
service was great , the waitress was very nice and friendly .
but the food always meets expectations .
the food was good - i love their corn chowder !
came here yesterday and had just an amazing breakfast .
their omlette was fresh , tasty and perfect .
the service is always spot-on and the ambience is always pretty quiet and pleasant .
went here with friends for breakfast .
our server mindy was awesome and completely welcoming & friendly .
my daughter had the quiche , which was very rich in flavor .
this place definitely deserves a return trip ( actually this monday ) .
the food is great & the service is even better .
i highly recommend this place .
friendly staff , and food quality that you 'd expect from a chain .
i also go to the mimi 's in chandler ... just as good .
bravo mimi 's mesa alma school !
really enjoyed it .
this place was exactly what we needed , a nice little discovery .
best turkey dinner in az .
the atmosphere is nice and the food is a reasonable price .
real turkey , real cranberry sauce , yum .
marco is amazing !
he is always so helpful , kind and professional .
we get the best care from him !
she loves this place !
thank you lovely folks at mimi 's .
great place for lunch .
she loves this place !
thank you lovely folks at mimi 's .
then food was so good .
absolutely incredible comfort food !
always piping hot !
great breakfast , great lunch , and a great atmosphere !
one of my favorite breakfast destinations .
the food was absolutely fantastic !
great food and great service .
the grilled salmon with spinach and roasted potatoes is my absolute favorite !
great for large groups too .
this place is always prompt and courteous and helpful .
did i mention the food is fantastic ?
love this place for breakfast .
great food .
amazing service .
always stop here for breakfast with family .
food is always good .
wes is the nicest , friendliest and funny .
he makes the best hot tea ... .
: ) he is great , make sure you ask for him .
each time the service has been fantastic .
the food is delicious .
but i have to say that the food is absolutely amazing !
i highly recommend this place .
it was crazy packed as usual .
the staff working that day was very accommodating and everything went perfectly !
thanks so much !
would definitely recommend to anyone for a special occasion .
it 's small and has a nice independent feel to it .
everyone there is friendly and helpful .
dr. wendy is amazing and very friendly .
everyone is wonderful !
it is also very clean .
i love this place .
they 've always been able to fit us into the schedule .
pricing is also reasonable .
great vet !
the staff has always been great !
i love this place .
the doctor and staff are always kind , humorous , and thoughtful .
i highly recommend the hotel and would stay here again in a minute .
was here for a corporate meeting , it was definitely meh .
the price is a little high but the hotel is super nice .
i loved how all the rooms overlooked the atrium .
everyone made you feel like you were a guest in their home .
i was pleased enough with the room and service .
the staff was quite friendly and accommodating .
great martini !
very generous appetizers and after a _num_ hour drive much appreciated .
consistent quality service with value .
thanks .
this is a really nice hotel .
each , are able to stay with us .
the staff are wonderful and very very helpful .
had an amazing stay at this hotel !
the concierge lounge exceeded our expectations with quality offerings and great service .
our dogs were welcome too !
overall a great experience and we will be back !
the customer service is the very best .
they always make me feel special !
friendly and accommodating .
great place to go if you know what you need .
these guys were knowledgeable and clearly dedicated to providing the best customer service possible .
the angus sandwich was really good .
fresh , hot and made to order .
the front counter woman was pleasant , so was the manager .
my favorite !
has a drive thru as well !
i remember going often when i was a kid !
the food is still good tasty today !
also the combination of their sandwiches with their hot sauce !
their original on sourdough in a favorite .
headed over and ordered a beef sandwich with jalapeno chips .
shit was good !
will definitely be back again .
i always get the original on sourdough and it 's always fantastic !
i 've also tried the cinnamon rolls and they are delicious !
always live this place .
but always delicious !
seriously ... best food ever .
definitely my new comfort food !
man this place is good !
i 'm very picky about roast beef , and i theirs is excellent .
not even a smile , welcome or thank you !
chicken soup was really good .
we took our son when he moved to az .
later on and he was impressed as well .
clean and well-organized .
i 've gone here a couple times and have enjoyed my experiences .
staff is helpful and personable .
what a great little store !
all the staff there are super nice and very knowledgeable .
they are family owned which makes all the difference .
they are very honest and do great work .
i 'm very please with their customer service and their quality of work .
everything they did was above my expectation .
i will definitely use them in the future .
i highly recommend this business above its competitors .
these guys are awesome !
they were really great to do business with !
a fun place to take your woman & kids once in a while .
good price , always have tons of deals .
overall they had a great time !
very fun outing for our family .
fun .
we had a great time .
my kids love it as much as i did growing up !
i so appreciate his honesty and expertise .
true five-star service !
thanks john for all you do !
& polish done .
he was so nice and helpful and made us feel comfortable .
i just picked up my cross and omg !
it was amazing it turned out so much better than i could hope for !
awesome vietnamese place .
the pho is really good and the spring rolls are excellent as well .
good place to go if you are looking for good , cheap vietnamese food .
this place is a well kept secret .
the place is a nice little dive with courteous and cordial staff .
great find .
they have the best pho tai .
the egg rolls and spring rolls are really good .
the fried rice and roasted chicken is also really good .
the best vietnamese restaurant we have eaten at in the phoenix area .
we thought the food was excellent .
love this place even though it looks ghetto on the outside and inside ha .
authentic vietnamese food .
favorite vietnamese restaurant in arizona !
they also have another location owned by their sister .
great food and great prices !
love at first taste !
this place has the best prices on vietnamese food in town .
pho done right in this joint people .
love this place .
pretty good viet food for the price .
the broth is flavorful , and the meat is cooked exactly right .
i also love their spring rolls both the fried and fresh .
but , today it was great and food like always was excellent .
me and wifey are always there .
always good food here .
so for those in glendale , yay for you !
i had a handicapped room both nights and liked the nice big bathroom !
i highly recommend gilbert plumbing to help you with this investment .
i have been to here several times and have had excellent service each time .
i own a classic car and am very particular with who works on it .
lastly , the staff is very friendly .
boy oh boy am i happy i brought my car here !
a truly honest auto body shop !
this shop has top notch customer service !
this guys are the best !
just good business man .
very fair , quick , and do great work .
i 'd recommend them to everyone !
i 'm am totally impressed that they came thru .
these guys are the best .
very impressed .
the situation is efficient , and the staff is friendly and professional .
great work and congrats on the remodel .
great service , small price .
my car looks great !
got my windows tinted here right before summer .
my bartender recommended the place !
the service was great and it was ready even ahead of schedule .
the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
their lifetime guarantee is great .
the guys at a better tint were great .
best of all lifetime guarantee !
i 'm very happy i chose to use this company for my vehicle tint .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
i was in and out by _num_ am and they did a great job .
the shop finished my car quickly and , so far , it looks amazing .
i would definitely recommend the shop .
they were fast , professional , and friendly .
oh and they also have a great guarantee .
will recommend to friends and family .
very pleased with our tint job !
i would recommend anyone to bring their car here .
these guys got it going on .
super high tech .
nice touch .
great job a better tint team you really earn your name .
clean shop and great staff .
all i can say is wow !
i think one call to his shop and you 'll see what i mean .
i would highly recommend them .
the price was great , the product is superb and the service is outstanding .
they are standing behind product and installation with a smile .
these guys want your business and are willing to work for it .
he handled this issue with the utmost integrity and respect .
thanks again dustin for all your help !
this place is awesome .
thank you a better tint !
great job .
fast and tint looks perfect .
will recommend a better tint to friends and relatives .
i was very pleased !
they were very timely and had a great guest waiting area with free wifi .
i would recommend them to anyone .
fantastic tint job !
the work was completed in a timely manner .
thanks dustin & staff !
they get all my business as well as my clients .
they did a great job !
i would definitely recommend taking a car here for tint .
an amazing experience from beginning to end .
they worked to accommodate my tight schedule as well .
great place , very polite and professional service .
just a good experience !
the tint looks amazing and they got it done in about an hour !
quick , friendly service .
great service , very friendly .
highly recommend them .
wonderful & fast experience at a better tint !
excellent customer service and the person in the front lobby is very knowledgeable .
overall great experience !
great experience at a better tint .
brandon was very professional and an easy guy to work with .
highly recommend !
they were fast , professional and very accommodating .
you guys are amazing !
very please with the work and the service .
great service , professional , and great quality .
i 've had two real positive experiences with this shop .
on both visits the shop was professional , well priced and on time .
great shop and would not hesitate to recommend .
love this shop and their customer service is absolutely amazing .
i am so pleased with their service and i will definitely return again .
i highly recommend this shop .
thanks for running a 1st class company erik !
the customer service is amazing .
`` eric '' i believe , is my man !
always does great service with me , and i have no complaints .
it was somewhat away from where i live but it was worth the trip .
a professional job was done .
this is the best auto tint within _num_ miles .
great tint goes without saying but their customer service is exceptional .
pick this company to tint your car , you 'll be happy you did .
great people to work with , highly recommend .
thank you again to the team over at a better tint !
we are very happy with the product and the service .
love my new tint !
overall great experience .
the technicians were prompt , professional , and very skilled .
it was always comfortable having them in my home .
was very impressed with erik and the quality of the tint job .
highly recommended !
my charger looks awesome !
the technicians were prompt , professional , and very skilled .
it was always comfortable having them in my home .
the ladies at the desk in mesa were delightful and helpful .
the guys at the counter really know their stuff .
the service was fast , friendly and efficient .
he made sure i understood how to install , as well .
they will have my business going forward !
her knowledge and advice was priceless !
guys here are always knowledgeable and will point you in the right direction .
also helps that they match internet pricing .
i love this store and will refuse to go anywhere else !
the food is great .
enjoy !
the food and staff are great !
this was a nice location .
well , i take that back .
the kids had a great time .
the price was good and the installers were great and on time .
for added fun and interesting factor there are many museum displays around the store .
_num_ stars for service , service , & knowledgeable service !
well done !
great place - we will recommend them to others .
they carry all of the best brands .
very friendly and knowledgable staff .
best customer service experience i 've had .
i highly recommend going here over any national chain paint or automotive store .
these guys are the best !
i worked on it all day yesterday and did what they recommended .
my car looks absolutely brand new !
thank you guys you are absolute professionals .
i often go in to just look around and see what 's new .
they are always friendly .
keep up the good work .
great service and price 's .
the selection they had was pretty amazing for such a small shop .
they were friendly and pleasant .
the staff is friendly and very knowledgeable .
i was very pleased and would certainly buy from them again .
keep it up guys !
wonderful work and great attention to detail .
she does all the work along side her husband !
they are both very honest nice people .
she does such a great job !
you 'll be happy with the results .
this little family owned operation is perfect for me .
they are very friendly and very fast at getting your clothes cleaned and pressed .
this is a very clean place .
the owners are super nice people , very friendly , very personable .
i highly recommend these two places for honest quality work !
good job .
we 'd without a doubt use them again - they are trustworthy & reliable .
they are so wonderful in all aspects of sales , install and service .
fantastic service !
troy was very knowledgeable , fast and proficient .
thank you for such great customer service .
both are very polite and conscientious while working in our home .
awesome company with helpful people who are professional , polite and on time !
i highly recommend mason mechanical for your hvac need .
please ask for troy as well .
excellent all the way around !
troy is very knowledge , friendly and great attention to detail .
thanks !
troy is very dependable and knowledgeable .
he helped us out greatly by replacing a part that was ready to break .
great work and great worker !
i highly recommend this company .
very pleased with the professionalism and work of this company .
from sales to install and follow up the team was great .
he completed the work and gave me a thorough explanation of what was done .
this is the type of service i have come to expect from mason mechanical .
great crew !
great customer service !
i love the wraps and breakfast sandwiches .
i got friendly , efficient service in the drive-thru on a weekday morning .
this dunkin donuts is very clean and serves great coffee .
i do n't eat donuts but i do love a good cup of coffee .
everyone was super friendly and helpful .
the bagel sandwiches are the best !
all the employees here are friendly and remember me .
they 're always so nice and quick to remake it for me .
best deal in town .
consistent coffee , usually a table free because of plenty of seats .
they are always so kind and nice .
the food is good , the drinks are good , the price is great .
delicious .
this place is great !
right down the street from my work and house !
great food great beer great prices !
the chicken sandwich is my favorite .
good thursday night bikes welcome and try the mad cow best burger ever .
the crowd is really varied and adds to the color of the place .
there is a nice vibe in here and really good food , open late .
the food is `` bar food '' however , it is done very well .
came here on a busy friday night and had a great time !
super great value at _num_ $ a burger !
great beer !
great service !
but all in all it was a great experience .
nice staff , quick service , and yummy bar food .
nothing fancy but all the classics that are really tasty .
it 's all the bar stuff and done well and inexpensive .
i love this place !
it 's a dive bar but it 's a good dive bar !
this turned out to be a great little venue for guys night out !
i should say , comfort food !
the pricing is fantastic !
it 's been here forever and the staff is pretty great .
great dive bar to go hide out in and have a beer .
and the food is great !
the cook it in front of you which i really like !
awesome place !
some of the best pub grub i ever have .
great fresh cheap food and unbelievably tasty .
the owner is awesome and a great host .
easily my favorite dive bar , great service and the prices are so low !
great little bat to get a few drinks and have some conversation .
recommendation .
really good bar food .
love this dive .
great deals on food $ $ , and bartenders are very cool !
seems like a great place to grab a pitcher and watch a game .
really a solid place for cold drinks and `` great '' greasy food .
so ... if you guys see this ... hats off to you !
the food is amazing .
the service was fantastic also .
the prices are really good to for the amount of food you get .
the wife and i will be back !
also a big plus ... .
bikers are welcome !
you are treated like family in a clean and casual environment .
needless to say , my wife and i have found our favorite neighborhood bar .
love this place .
love this place , found it through yelp and the reviews had me interested .
wings are crispy , burgers are delicious !
ordered out tonight and just as pleased !
my favorite bar in mesa .
love this bar !
my absolute favorite bar !
cheap beers , great food , great staff !
however , it is great !
the food is always amazing and it 's soooooo cheap !
i love this place and especially jody !
jody is patient and listens to what i want in color and style .
everyone is so friendly and the atmosphere is awesome .
i love love love this place !
she 's amazing !
highly recommend !
go see jody !
she is the owner of the salon and such a great stylist .
an awesome find !
she does a great job and is reasonably priced .
she is super flexible and can get you in fast .
the salon is small and cute .
the staff starts to learn your name quickly & makes you feel very welcome .
check it out !
thanks for playing along nicole .
great deep dish pizza , excellent bar , super service .
great place to go , a little pricey but that comes with quality .
the pizza is good , but the beer selection is even better .
the appetizers are pretty good especially the italian nachos .
great service and one of the best freaking house salads i have ever had !
great way to spend a sunday afternoon !
for my first time here , i really enjoyed it .
we really enjoyed the food and the $ _num_ long island ice teas .
the place is awesome .
oh , and the service is always excellent .
great food , great beer , great televisions and great service .
great hh - totally fun place .
nice clean bar with tons of tvs .
great people who love chicago .
the best chopped salad i 've ever had .
i really liked the pasta in the salad .
i loved this spot !
hit up the karaoke and lots of booze .
so much fun .
decent size bar area .
sunday nights after 9pm , they have the best happy hour in town .
love this place .
the tour keeps me coming back with over a hundred beers to choose from !
food is not the greatest but the atmosphere is worth it .
all of old chicago 's food is good & their beer selection is great .
the pizza and calzones are great !
love this place !
the staff is super nice and the food is great !
love them !
the dry rub jerk wings are great !
i love this place !
been going here for years and will continue to go .
they have by far the best deep dish pizza ever .
great place to go any day of the week .
great happy hour !
it was cooked perfect .
allison was a great server .
all food ordered was correct and fresh from the kitchen .
this place is always a good go to provided you like pizza and beer .
the service has always been good .
prices are decent and the place has always been clean .
all in all a good place .
fun atmosphere and tasty pizzas .
the pepperoni rolls are excellent !
plus we shared the garlic lovers pizza and it was fantastic .
love this place !
the food is good and the staff is very nice and friendly .
the total experience is always good .
atmosphere could be a little better , but overall a great place to visit .
the service was great !
the fried spicy pickles were delicious !
my friend and i sat at the bar .
great service really makes all the difference .
thanks .
great pizza !
our server was friendly as well .
good , but was n't amazing .
but still pretty good .
service was great .
i ordered mine spicy with meatballs and it was fantastic !
i go here frequently with my best friend matt .
the bartenders are great .
super friendly !
the thin crust is really good .
the thick crust is great .
great beer selection with decent beer prices .
food , beer and service were excellent .
our server was friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu and the beer .
we a great time .
excellent , delicious food .
great service from our hostess , amy .
excellent service and customer care .
my wife and i were really impressed .
and as always the food was delicious .
come see riley here !
great service and great food .
great experience !
great happy hour !
love the italian nachos and the pizza sauce is amazing !
love , love , love this place !
wait staff and hostess always so nice .
recommend highly .
i really like this place .
the servers are always really nice and efficient .
the happy hour from 10pm to close is good !
rachel is a phenomenal server !
having a fabulous lunch at the bar .
tim the bartender is very fun , he makes a great moscow mule !
my pizza is amazing , and the salad is very fresh and crisp !
pretty good food and nice beer selection .
usually pretty decent service .
i waited quite a while for a refill on my ice water .
been to this location several times , and have always had a great time .
i highly recommend the fried pickles as an app !
awesome bar , good food , and funny people .
the food is amazing !
this is my new fav place !
and they stand behind their work !
i love bud 's .
for me , it 's these guys .
he is also an honest mechanic .
they are efficient and are easy to work with .
thanks guys !
overall , it was a pleasant experience , and our car looks wonderful .
they were always patient and friendly .
you guys rock !
i 've found the one !
thank you so very much from the bottom of my heart !
my car looks fantastic and was even detailed when i picked it up .
highly recommend to anyone in need of auto body work .
amazing service !
you have a customer for life !
thanks !
great people here who work with you promptly and shoot you straight .
and i tell you , the work they did was great !
quality service !
also helped with getting a rental at a discounted rate .
truly , this is the best roofing company in the valley .
wow !
i would recommend them to all my friends without reservation .
these guys are real pros .
and they got the job done fast .
i now have a great warranty with them .
our roof is beautiful .
hubby and i had a fantastic stay & slept well each night .
awesome hotel .
free wi-fi , good breakfast , clean rooms and great rates .
what a very nice place .
the hotel and room were nice and clean .
quiet , well appointed rooms , comfortable beds and nice pool area and grounds .
pets welcome too !
i 'd recommend this hotel to anyone staying in mesa .
nice looking place .
the staff was friendly and seemed genuinely concerned about my stay .
the free breakfast was pretty impressive .
customer service was pretty good .
nice hotel but next time we 'll stay closer to the spring training action .
awesome !
outstanding customer service , clean and very well kept .
i will stay here again with my family for our next arizona trip .
great services !
friendly staff .
definitely a must stay .
we had a wonderful stay at the hotel .
thank you !
we will be seeing you again .
have to say this place was wonderful !
the chef donna was fantastic all breakfasts we re fresh and hot !
this is a great value for the money !
great staff , amenities , rooms were nice and beds were super comfy !
stayed here for two nights , very quiet with no issues .
really nice place .
friendly lady at the desk .
and the free breakfast was pretty good : eggs and bacon !
that was a nice surprise .
love this place !
susan miller the general manager is so caring .
the breakfast there is really good too plus it 's free .
thank you so much susan and the days hotel ... .
it has a great pool and jacuzzi , free breakfast , comfy beds .
friendly staff .
this place is upgrading in the hilton fashion .
the delivery drivers are all wonderful and respectful .
i love ordering from here !
thanks guys !
pizza hut has always been a classic in my opinion .
great service and very reasonable !
amazing work !
this is a family owned and run business .
i will use them for all my future needs and recommend them to everyone .
excellent service .
professional work .
fair pricing .
they did a beautiful job - it looks better than new !
i wholeheartedly recommend accurate auto for their work and customer service .
these guys are amazing to work with !
it was that easy and convenient !
i would recommend this place to absolutely anyone !
let me say it is amazing to have such honesty with a mechanic .
they truly look out for their customer 's well being .
highly recommend .
i highly recommend accurate automotive !
most professional and honest people .
great service , professional and honest .
we just started going to accurate auto and will continue to go .
i will definitely go back here for such great service .
they are very honest and truly appreciate their help to me with my car !
lee and his team provide exceptional service .
great and wonderful people .
love these guys !
at accurate automotive i received fast , fairly priced , and convenient service !
excellent service by lee , kelly and josh .
they were wonderful , really took care of me .
great mechanics at great prices .
honest people that care about the community .
every time you go into their shop , you immediately feel like family .
you can tell they truly value their customers and are passionate about their work .
better than the dealer .
i highly recommend using accurate automotive .
quality service every time i 've been there .
joshua also great customer service skills .
thank you .
great service , excellent pricing .
a job always well done .
accurate takes great care of all my vehicles .
thanks .
great dealership !
friendly staff .
great selection .
they are terrific !
i love my deluxe !
great staff .
outstanding service .
thank you joe , wolf , cathy and kyle .
really know how to treat customers .
great place .
i will still go and shop here very nice store and people .
i am thrilled with the after the sale service as well .
such friendly folks !
helpful , knowledgable and the special events are a blast !
the new team seems to have great leadership .
there are a lot of ups and down to this place .
our friend ended up purchasing a bike with the help of rob .
this place is great !
throughly enjoy spending time here , dreaming of a future bike .
awesome dealership .
it was a great experience start to finish .
the staff is nothing but great .
yeah , go .
got ta love barro 's !
i love the pizza here .
the pizza is very good !
their wings are cook just how they should and are nice and spicy .
well done barros !
my family and i have bought our pizza from this location since _num_ .
the pizza has always been consistently good and the service is the same .
decent pizza .
decent prices .
great place for kids .
the pizza is pretty good .
this is a great location .
glad it 's the closest to us .
the low key , family atmosphere at this location is great for the kids .
really good pizza .
quick service and friendly staff .
i love barros pizza .
definitely my favorite pizza !
pepperoni and mushroom is always a favorite here .
barro 's is my favorite pizza place ever .
barros is my favorite pizza joint .
ham and pineapple is one of our favs .
the crust is always chewy , crunchy and perfect .
employees at this location were friendly and efficient .
the pizza is always the best when eaten in the restaurant !
we will return many more times !
the toppings are fresh , and they put a lot on .
everyone 's always been very nice and friendly , will be back .
good fresh ingredients .
pizza is great if you order a full one .
but if you order an actual pizza thats made its fantastic !
this is the best barros in the valley .
the wings are also very good and so us the small side salad .
i absolutely love barros pizza and i used to always order from there .
this location was solid .
wings were great , pizza was excellent - solid place for a great pie .
the customer service is good and the food is delicious .
different featured pizza every day for the specials and it is usually fresh .
generous portions and seriously good food at cheap prices .
the food is awesome !
it 's the best !
and the fried wonton appetizers are the best too !
i love the sauce it comes with !
i liked the teriyaki more .
super yum !
i 'd definitely hit this place up again if i were in the area .
i greatly enjoy their chicken katsu and bulgogi mix plate .
fun , cheap , good eats .
food is great , local style .
it has always been excellent .
ive been going here for _num_ years and still love it .
its one of my top _num_ lunch places .
i finally found it !
aloha kitchen gets an a+ .
very authentic hawaiian style food .
i worked right next door at nello 's .
i was very excited when ray opened his doors .
i love this place .
seriously , awesome .
jam packed well after lunch hours .
full of mostly locals - hawaiian locals that is .
( that right there should tell you something . )
much mahalo !
( the aloha festival is now held at tempe town lake . )
try it , you 'll like it .
the food was great and the service was phenomenal !
: ) lol !
best chicken katsu in arizona .
good , authentic hawaiian food in the middle of the desert .
all in all , a good place for a satisfying meal .
good island food .
love this place .
friendly workers , food always tastes fresh and excellent portion sides .
i recommend the potato salad .
i placed a large order of both and everything was delish and went smoothly .
this place is amazing , i love hawaiian food .
i will bet money that i can eat more than you .
this place has amazing food !
the place is clean , nothing fancy .
the staff is friendly .
i will be back !
i recommend everything i have every had there .
the food was authentic and perfect .
when done exceptionally well , it is addictive .
i will eat here during each and every visit to the area .
all of the main dishes are excellent .
but the food is great .
always great hawaiian food .
awesome hawaiian local food .
the best i 've had in arizona .
the atmosphere is kinda awkward , but their food is great .
strip mall , family owned casual quick serve .
what you might not expect is the flavor !
absolutely fantastic !
love love love the mixed plate # _num_ !
the food is delicious .
the meat was flavorful and the sauce was excellent .
aloha kitchen is damn good hawaiian .
they 're fantastic .
the food is delicious .
best hawaiian food on the planet !
i love everything here !
food was delicious !
i love coming to aloha on my lunch break !
its fast , good cheap and service is good !
great food .
awesome wings !
everyone was nice and it was busier than we thought .
ahhh its so good !
definitely enjoy this place .
very solid food , reasonable prices , good specials .
best hawaiian food , great service , friendly people ... .
i love it !
love the food .
so good !
you will become a regular after the first try !
it was very good .
such a unique flavor for a cake .
the food is delicious enough to eat every last bite of the large portions .
the best hawaiian food in phoenix .
i always am impressed with how nice the young kid at the register is .
thanks for the good food .
incredible !
absolutely amazing experience here .
everything smelled amazing and tasted even better .
by far the best place in az for hawaiian food .
bbq is great too !
will be back !
my friends and i had lunch here today .
i will tell you , it is the rice .
came back this past week and the food was great as usual .
keep up the great work guys and mahalo .
i got the chicken katsu and it was so good .
i always love hawaiian bbq and this might be my new go to place .
i also got a mini and it was plenty of food for me .
i love this place !
been coming here since _num_ when i moved here from hawaii .
it 's the best !
a little sweet with some spiciness to it .
i highly recommend !
food is consistently good , very friendly staff .
as good as island food gets !
the food here is fantastic portions are huge and service is wonderful .
live on west side and this is one trip that 's worth the drive .
i had the bulgogi and katsu combo and i loved the katsu .
all in all , we all enjoyed it and would definitely come back .
service was excellent !
informative and helpful .
the food was excellent .
good authentic hawaiian food .
great food !
there food had good flavor and i love the sauce .
aloha kitchen is mesa 's best kept secret .
it 's my favorite food in the world , literally better than anywhere else .
the food here is delightful .
all this for a reasonable price , to boot .
aloha kitchen , i 'm always happy to see you !
the mini plate is definitely more than enough !
but the beef definitely makes up for it !
staff friendly and offer to go menu .
i love aloha kitchen .
the chicken katsu is great .
highly recommend .
make sure you bring an appetite .
it 's not just great hawaiian food , it 's just great food .
worth checking it out .
support a local business and your appetite will thank you for it later !
friendly staff and family run !
sometimes theres a bit of a line but , its well worth it !
the fried wonton are tasty and the spam musubi are delicious .
definitely a step above the likes of ono hawaiian barbecue .
i love this place , and will go for years to come .
authentic hawaiian !
so good .
amazing i have been going here for only a few months .
every time has been excellent !
i love the options of mini plates .
the restaurant is clean and the food arrived quickly and tasty .
both dishes were excellent in flavor and taste .
been coming here for _num_ years and the food is very tasty .
always recommend them .
soooo good !
try the teriyaki chicken - amazing !
well , i 'm glad i did .
this place is excellent .
friendly staff , mom and pa operation .
outstanding food .
macaroni is good and you get two scoops of rice .
great lunch spot , check it out .
hidden gem in mesa too .
i love love pretty much everything from them .
this is a low key , laid back place that serves amazing local food .
they are amazing over at aloha .
really nice people as well .
every one is so nice , and the food is amazing !
amazing plates here !
this is a sweet bread bun with sweet and sour pork inside .
wow this place is on my top _num_ .
their macaroni potato salad is amazing and i do n't usually go for it .
everyone in there is always so nice .
fantastic and authentic food from a local small business .
very reasonable prices as well !
i love the food at this place .
one of the most authentic hawaiian restaurants in the valley .
this is the best hawaiian food i have had in arizona .
so delicious !
fantastic !
pricing is great as well .
amazing food and generous portions .
great staff and clean dining area .
very solid establishment !
makes me happy just walking thru the door !
my favorite piece of aloha in the desert .
love coming here !
the food is always great and the prices are good too !
good place for lunch friendly staff and very clean .
kid friendly and kid approved food !
best hawaiian food ever !
i will defiantly be back !
ridiculously good .
probably the best meal i have had in sometime .
food is really good !
service is quick .
prices are good , especially for how much food they give you !
the menu is pretty authentic .
ya got ta start with an authentic menu and build from there .
our food came out hot and fresh .
oh , and the customer service was fantastic !
its inexpensive and super casual .
thirty years of doing business and they 've got it down !
good food that may be different than you 've seen other places .
if you like hawaiian you will love aloha .
service is always with a smile and consistent between trips .
so good !
hawaiian comfort food at its finest .
it 's worth it .
everything i had from here has always been good and filling .
love this place .
love the food .
my family and i love their katsu , bulgogi and teriyaki .
very tasty .
the staffs are very nice and restaurant is clean .
its pretty good !
so good !
i 'm definitely coming back especially for that potato mac !
great service , wait staff is cheery and helpful .
plenty of condiments available , bbq bread is fantastic .
the friendliness is matched perfectly with the good portioned and delicious food .
awesome experience !
so happy to find an amazing hawaiian restaurant !
they were absolutely delicious and we will definitely be coming back .
always happy to support a local business .
the employees were very friendly and welcoming .
the food was fresh , and served to us very quickly .
the atmosphere is laid back and clean .
great flavor , tremendous servings .
the ladies are super fun .
i will be a regular .
mahalo , aloha .
i went here for the first time tonight and the service was great .
it was spectacular .
i will definitely be back .
prices are average , service is good.
the teriyaki chicken and mac salad are amazing !
i also ordered the saimin and i really enjoyed it .
we tried two of the combination plates and everything was really good .
i love this place .
i get an extra container of dressing , and it makes the salad great .
super tasty lunch spot !
simple mom and pop place , support local businesses !
the staff is always super nice and the food is delicious and cheap .
aloha has a special place in my heart .
their food is what i crave .
from the teriyaki chicken to the shrimp , it 's great food .
the atmosphere is casual and the staff is always cheerful and welcoming .
the prices are quite affordable as well !
great staff , good atmosphere and great prices .
good stuff !
highly recommend .
love this place .
their thai tea is so good too .
excellent .
excellent food !
the staff is even better than the food !
i love how tasty this place is !
i absolutely love their bulgogi !
i promise you , you ca n't go wrong with ordering it !
the employees are very friendly and helpful .
great customer service !
literally a piece of my childhood .
i 've been eating here since we moved here in _num_ .
amazing korean food !
the service is great as well .
so tasty !
the best sticky rice ever !
my new place to go to now !
just got my hair cut today and what a great experience .
charming building , great cut at a terrific value .
top notch salon .
i highly recommend it !
love this place !
i have also recommended friends to him that had a great time as well .
great hair cut and color .
i highly recommend this place !
i highly recommend them !
ash , the property manager , is a sweetheart !
the pricing for what you get is better than anywhere else in town .
storage room was clean and well maintained .
dean was great .
answered all of our questions right away and was very helpful .
it appears that the place is run very professional .
this is the best storage place ever !
dean really went above and beyond in customer service !
thank you again !
we were seated fairly quickly and the service was prompt and friendly .
i went with the farmer 's skillet and it was great .
my favorite breakfast place without a doubt !
best pancakes ever !
love their skillets and huevos rancheros they have delicious benedict 's as well !
please , please get the lemon bar for dessert .
it was so unbelievably good .
oh , and the breakfast was good too .
our waitress was fantastic and very helpful and patient with our large party .
the salads , sandwiches and soups are great .
everything on the menu is homemade and delicious .
it was a wonderful lunch spot with awesome food .
i love their soups .
i have n't eaten at that one but it looks like a nice place .
i love this place !
their breakfast is amazing !
it 's just a good place to enjoy a great morning breakfast .
this place is incredible .
so adorable .
great atmosphere .
always packed .
great service .
love this joint for breakfast .
great eggs benny .
great service .
still loving crackers after all this time !
try it you 'll love it !
it comes quickly and tastes great .
this is a gem .
they recently opened other sites , but this one is the best .
this is one of my all time favorites .
that is the best ever !
they recently added chocolate chip scones to the menu , thanks to my recommendation !
this location is a little hard to find , but is definitely worth it !
the staff was super friendly and the food was amazing .
the combination was delicious .
ask for the fries well done and the spicy mayonnaise !
everything i have had so far is delicious and its priced right .
yumm so good , hard to find though !
good attention and even parking places !
we had lunch here and loved it .
had a wonderful sandwich and everyone in our group loved everything they got .
love this place .
best belgian waffles .
the warm syrup put it over the top .
the food is always very , very good .
such nice , nice people .
the breakfast burrito was huge and flavorful .
this place is one of the reasons why i love living in mesa .
everything is good , and the value is awesome .
the pancakes we 're huge and tasty !
the potatoes we 're fresh .
fortunately , we got their really early for breakfast .
this is some seriously delicious food .
this is the best breakfast in the phoenix area .
the bfast skillets all looked delicious , as did the california eggs benny .
superb breakfast .
we love breakfast and this place definitely met our expectations .
my boyfriend got the breakfast burritos and he loved it .
we were very pleased and will be back soon !
great place to take the family for sunday morning breakfast/brunch .
in a good , and respectful way .
what a beautiful sight to behold when the plate arrives !
just what we were looking for , a great breakfast .
awesome breakfast !
we love crackers & co !
california eggs benny is one of our favorites .
this was by far the best find for a long time .
really good for a sunday .
we ordered and got our food in a good timely manner .
the food was excellent and the portions sizes also very good sized .
i would recommend this location to anyone .
we each ordered something different and all was good .
great service with a smile and over the top yummy food !
excellent food and service .
this is hidden and so good .
i have been here many times and every time it is great .
they make their own desserts and the food , so good .
it 's that good .
went here for the first time recently with a friend who mentioned it !
the fries were freaking delicious though !
they also have above average iced tea .
always good .
wow.
the food is fantastic and the service is on point !
i agree with the reviews already posted - this place was great .
this is literally the best breakfast place i have been to .
this was our 3rd time there and it was awesome as always .
good service , fresh food and yummy fluffy pancakes .
he loved it .
this place is always super busy !
it is such a clean , bright atmosphere and the service was great .
but what is the best was the delicious food .
pancakes perfect .
everything is great .
huge variety , homemade , and at least _num_ soups featured daily .
everyone had a different dish and we all loved it .
the staff was amazing and would go back in a heartbeat !
`` yeah sure sir '' i say .
anyway , the food was very , very good .
just sandwiches , soups and burgers , but all excellent .
overall great experience .
great place for breakfast/brunch !
chicken enchilada skillet was very good .
french toast was delicious as well .
portions are good sized with leftovers for a second meal .
the food , service and atmosphere was well worth the price !
great food at reasonable prices in a good atmosphere .
always friendly service and always great food .
there soup was wonderful .
went with family it was so good !
such a great time !
they were dry but what a flavor it packed !
absolutely delicious .
it felt like it was a family oriented restaurant and very comfortable .
a place that we will visit again !
literally the best breakfast food i 've ever had .
the cinnamon swirl french toast and the eggs benedict are fantastic .
positive : warm and welcoming interior .
every single item we ordered was extra tasty .
my co-workers really enjoy their roast beef sandwich and their breakfast options .
the food is actually made with love .
i had an omelet , it was tender and delicious !
i hope you will go and enjoy this wonderful little breakfast/lunch place .
crackers and co. is always a treat .
very pleased with my first experience .
the eggs benedict was one of the best i have ever had .
excellent service , no wait and the waiter was great .
it 's good food and also a nice place to go have breakfast .
my whole family loves coming here .
the coffee is awesome !
and so is the breakfast !
amazing breakfast .
it was an even better experience than before !
what a wonderful breakfast .
the _num_ of us had different selections and each one was a solid _num_ .
egg benedict was the best and i wanted to give it a _num_ .
the very best i have ever had .
one of my favorite places for breakfast !
love this place !
wonderful place !
tuscan atmosphere , delicious food !
wonderful experiences there .
both were very good .
we will return for sure !
our servers have all been nice and familiar with the menu .
food was excellent !
fresh fruit and amazing granola on the pancakes .
absolutely fantastic place for breakfast .
waitress was nice .
bacon was thick sliced and flavorful .
i 'm not a big breakfast fan , but it was delicious .
bring your appetite .
we went on father 's day so it was packed but well worth it !
another great breakfast place .
you get a ton of food and a ton of meat .
my wife lives their pancakes , french toast , and their skillets .
great place and food , the staff and owners are wonderful .
this place is a hidden gem .
everything is baked from scratch and delicious .
excellent sandwiches and breakfast .
we always receive such wonderful service and food !
we tried a variety of items and all were good .
food was great and the owner is a doll .
thanks for the wonderful experience .
this place is a hidden gem !
it 's my go-to brunch spot .
the prices are great and the service is so friendly .
this place is a must try , you 'll absolutely love it !
yet another gem found due to good yelp scores .
i ended up with a spicy mexican skillet with chorizo .
some of the best chorizo i 've had .
our server was genuine , sweet and made sure we were taken care of .
overall a great meal !
i loved this cute breakfast/brunch place !
the service was outstanding and the servers were very nice and helpful .
awesome place .
great atmosphere , nice people .
price for amount of food is good .
definitely worth trying .
everything i have ever gotten has been amazing .
the california eggs benedict is always a favorite .
so delicious and that avocado !
the southwest and farmers skillets are also really great .
carrot cake muffin is also outstanding .
honestly crackers has never let me down , it 's definitely a must go !
best breakfast i 've ever had in a restaurant .
everything is amazing and the staff is always sweet .
one of my favorite breakfast spots !
the breakfast an the service is amazing !
i have the tiramisu pancakes , which was one of the special .
this place is a little hidden gem !
it was very kid friendly , with excellent food .
the service was prompt , friendly and accurate despite being very busy .
i was especially impressed with the quality if the coffee .
this is one of my favorite breakfast spots .
very kid friendly and excellent food .
fast service and everything came out fresh and hot .
this is one of my all time favorite places to eat .
i 've been coming here for over _num_ yrs and it 's consistently great .
it 's all good .
the food is great , desserts are huge and yummy , soups awesome .
they have friendly service and i always leave a big tip .
and it was a great choice .
meat tender , perfectly seasoned .
delicious food , medium service , nice place .
came here and got our food right away , and hot !
awesome biscuits and gravy .
great location .
i will definitely be bringing the wife here .
the atmosphere was warm and homey , we sat in a corner booth .
our waiter was very nice and gave us plenty of time to order .
it was wonderful !
one of the best breakfast places here in the east valley .
excellent quality , monthly specials to die for and fantastic service .
under promise and over deliver = standard operating procedure at crackers !
both the food and service have been excellent every time .
some of the best omelets i 've had !
great service and awesome food !
awesome breakfast place !
i had the steak avocado sandwich and it was amazing .
cooked exactly as i wanted it , and the service was fantastic .
very friendly and quick .
everything i 've ever had is delicious .
service is very good as well .
highly recommend this place .
super tasty and good value for your buck !
good portions served in a casual atmosphere .
we will be back so i can take a longer look at the menu !
delicious .
very filling and worth the money .
absolutely delicious breakfast .
this brunch spot has the most amazing eggs benedict i 've ever had .
the potatoes are great too .
the entire meal is filling and will leave you full for hours .
service is always friendly and quick , without feeling rushed .
highly recommend .
they were both fantastic .
and the service was the best thanks to debbie .
i will definitely return !
i think i found my new breakfast spot .
the fruit was fresh cut , which i appreciated .
great bang for your buck so make it a point to find this gem !
the spiced pumpkin pancakes were very good !
the southwest carnitas omelette was great !
great sevice , kim is wonderful .
i loved this place .
the food was fresh and delicious .
service was fast and friendly and the prices are fair .
i especially loved the slight crisp to the edges of the corn tortillas .
great addition to my scramble !
everything was done perfectly with great flavor .
the staff was very friendly and polite .
its well worth looking for .
the house made salsa on the other hand was excellent .
the restaurant was well occupied for a sunday morning .
good lord !
wonderful wonderful friendly service and breakfast .
sat outside but the whole place has a comfy family atmosphere .
down home cooking !
it is hidden in a business mall but what a great find !
great omelet and my server was excellent .
i really love the pancakes , esp .
huge menu to choose from , you 're bound to find something delicious .
excellent yelp find .
a hidden gem .
great atmosphere , nice people and the food , yum !
huge portions , the service is great and amazing food for the price !
i took my dad to brunch here the other afternoon and what a gem !
i got the crepes , and he got the skillet .
both were absolutely delicious !
this is my favorite breakfast restaurant !
the food was great !
our whole party loved their dishes .
the seasoning on them was amazing .
the buttermilk pancakes were also very flavorful and fluffy .
absolutely delicious home cooked food !
great service also !
highly recommend !
i love this place !
it 's always crowded , which means fresh food every time .
nice breakfast place , good food .
stopped in based on yelp reviews and was expecting great food and good service .
once again yelp was right on .
the food was priced great and huge portions .
if you 're in the area stop in and enjoy .
wow what a great meal and wonderful service .
i found this place on yelp !
the service is great and everything on the menu is amazing .
keep up the good work guys !
amazing food and decent service !
we took my folks here for sunday brunch and it did not disappoint .
great breakfast food , fast friendly service .
i recommend that you try everything on the menu .
incredible food , and just a good place to sit and chat .
service was great by kim .
i ordered the steak avocado sandwich from the lunch menu and it was perfect .
excellent , excellent , excellent !
great food , fast service and affordable !
server was amazing and the cafe was cozy .
good food and a very fair price .
this is a pretty good brunch spot in a really random area .
i 've had a couple of savory bites and it is quite tasty .
great price , great service ... phenomenal breakfasts and lunches .
best place for breakfast food !
cute ambiance with excellent food .
carnitas skillet awesome !
pancakes awesome !
it 's pure awesomeness here .
coffee is tasteful and perfect temp .
nice place and not too crowded .
nice that it 's hidden in the back behind home depot .
this place is awesome !
i found this gem down the street from my hotel room .
i 'll definitely be back !
great food and good oldies !
quality place and will definitely be there again .
really good appetizers and solid meals !
solid place for brunch .
the food tasted great too .
love going here for breakfast .
the service is awesome too .
service was great and the food was good .
i also got an order of their potatoes .
the food was great and service was fast .
amazing food every single time !
always looking forward to the next visit !
thanks for staying consistently awesome !
highly recommend.
this is my favorite breakfast and will visit every time while in phoenix .
their french toast with strawberries and whip is so delicious and huge !
this place is always packed !
the food is absolutely delicious and the service is second to none .
always enjoy this mesa location .
breakfast is awesome !
i love crackers , especially for breakfast .
it is awesome .
i have also eaten lunch and their burgers are good too .
food is always good and service for the most part is pretty good .
decent prices .
great food !
great service , officially my new favorite breakfast spot !
awesome food with a small town feel .
everything on the menu is absolutely fantastic .
the servers are usually friendly and timely .
the staff was extremely welcoming and nice .
really good vibes .
we have found our breakfast spot !
kim is a great sever so ask for her if you like great service !
the service has always been outstanding and the food is always delicious !
the southwest eggs benedict were really good !
food was served in a very timely manner and was fresh and hot !
white bean chili was delectable as well !
customer service was excellent !
i would definitely recommend this place !
my family of five was very pleased with the service to the food .
the princess omelet was amazing .
first off the food and service has been amazing every time i dine there .
it made our day to see a restaurant that pay attention and cares .
lots of respect for that place .
this crackers & co does it perfectly .
the fried potatoes that it comes with are tasty as well .
this is definitely my # _num_ breakfast place !
crackers the staff was very help full the food was on point !
well ... .
back again and always awesome !
service is always friendly and fast .
service was excellent !
the food was average breakfast fare ... but good .
excellent breakfast !
well season and tender with country potatoes done just right .
service & food outstanding .
almost perfect .
it must have been good since his plate is clean .
the service is excellent .
definitely worth a visit .
great breakfast skillet , very good service .
love this place !
food is delicious and service is great !
came here for breakfast and is was delicious .
the service was good .
the prices are good .
we will definitely be coming back .
food was delicious and made well .
best eggs benedict around .
good .
the waitress handled each and every person with grace and attentiveness .
everything came out perfect and our food was fantastic .
thank you so much !
great food at a good price .
very tasty stuff .
this place is delicious !
i recommend the california eggs benedict .
service & ambiance top notch !
eggs benedict the best love the garlic breakfast potatoes .
i love taking people here .
it 's behind home depot hidden but always found .
they are kind friendly and worth the stop .
i 've been here twice , and both times were great experiences .
the coffee is good .
my family loves going here for breakfast !
great healthy options and awesome baked goods .
very fast service .
the breakfast is delicious .
and their service is always fast and friendly .
the food here is fantastic !
i brought my mother here for mother 's day .
the place was packed !
the service was great and the food was excellent .
my brother the crab cakes benedict , looked outstanding .
fantastic restaurant , large meals around $ _num_ , definitely recommend .
fast service , lovely ambience , fantastic food .
breakfast was great !
service was excellent !
peach pancakes were very good !
good place to meet with family and friends !
great breakfast place with a lot of options .
i love the southwest skillet .
great service and decent prices .
never had the lunch menu but i 'm sure it 's great also .
highly recommended .
this is our go to breakfast spot !
the coffee is amazing !
i always loved the california eggs benedict and most of the omelettes .
ty was our server did an excellent job great place to go .
another awesome experience at crackers & co !
took another friend here for lunch and the food was amazing !
my fave breakfast/brunch spot !
this place always comes through on great food !
a great hidden gem !
it 's just a popular place and for good reasons !
great service and menu selection .
wow .
our first visit today .
they were tasty !
eggs were cooked perfectly and the carnitas were perfect .
service was fast and the food was good .
one of our favorite local places .
this place is amazing !
i always take my family and friends here when they visit .
the shaved ice is really soft and fluffy and is even better with cream .
mmmmmm ... just thinking about this place makes my mouth water !
their shaved ice is super soft and fluffy .
it is fine shaved ice .
it is a refreshing dessert and i oh so enjoying eating it !
bahama buck 's has won my heart .
any flavor is good , just make sure to ask for bahama rama mama .
the portions are huge and the ice is perfect !
that was the biggest baby i 've ever seen .
also , the ice is shaved so fine that it has a great texture .
this place is soooo good .
customer service is top notch too .
the mesa drive and southern is the best .
but always do cream .
this is an inexpensive treat the whole family will enjoy .
awesome .
what a great treat .
but i will make the drive to the location on mesa drive .
this is the best place !
out of all of the east valley locations this one is the best .
amazing stuff !
this place is by far one of my favorite places to get shaved ice .
i would recommend this place too anybody with a sweet tooth .
hopefully they open one up on the west side out in glendale .
shaved ice is so soft and delicious !
they give you a generous portion so even a baby size is a lot .
best shaved ice in town .
go with a classic banana and eat yellow snow !
it is amazing .
my favorite summer treat and it makes great leftovers too !
there 's so many flavor options and you 're always met with friendly staff .
the ice is shaved super finely , unlike anywhere else .
i recommend wedding cake bahama rama mama with creme !
the best shaved ice in town !
its great year round but nothing better than this on a hot summer day .
their smoothies are delicious also !
bahama rama mama is the best .
everyone loves the cute umbrellas and color changing spoons .
locations are expanding , love it !
current favorite : strawberry colada + coconut .
perfect .
this is arizona so you always want something to cool you down .
good prices .
extra bonus : the spoons color change with temperature .
bahama bucks is so good , best shaved ice ever .
got a small and it was much bigger than i expected .
it was delicious !
i love this place .
the shaved ice was delicious !
delicious every time .
their staff is always so friendly and helpful .
the facility is always clean .
and i just found my all time favorite today .
friendly staff and they get the orders right every time !
my kids love this place !
anyhow , doug w. 's review is right on .
this place is perfect for to-go orders and they even have a drive thru .
besides that wings were very good and the sauce makes them addicting .
i love wings express .
best wings hands down .
it is soo good !
love !
they 're perfectly crispy and the sauce is perfection .
some of the best wings i 've ever had !
the hot are my fav , and the staff is always friendly !
love their honey hot wings .
yeah , the wings are pretty small but the sauce is the best .
best cheese sticks in town .
the best wings you will ever eat !
they are so incredibly good they melt in your mouth .
i love food , love it ... and this place is rad .
my grandparents go there all the time and they love it .
absolutely amazing wings .
the honey hot were the best i 've ever had .
but mind you , the wings are delicious !
best wings you will find in mesa !
the wings are always so fresh and so hot !
overall , you should definitely visit !
delicious wings ( especially the honey hot ) .
great wings - best in mesa !
this place is great when you need some greasy bar style food .
it is all so good .
they have the best ranch i have ever tried .
nice prompt service !
but nice quick meal if you 're not in the mood to cook !
nice size portion , reasonable prices and best of all they have breaded mushrooms !
just a personal preference .
best wings in phoenix and they are reasonably priced .
had hot wings with ranch and they were great .
great sauce and ranch !
awesome fast service .
tastes amazing and great price .
i really enjoyed the golden wings !
i have to say that this suv had excellent gas mileage and ran perfectly .
all in all we had a great experience and would recommend this enterprise !
the employees are courteous and the service is fast .
thank you so much for all your care !
their staff is fantastic , friendly and helpful .
i highly recommend baker family dental , you 'll never fear the dentist again !
when i found baker family dental through another friend i was thoroughly impressed .
the staff is amazing and friendly !
i would highly recommend them to everyone asking for a new dentist .
these guys are awesome !
dr. baker does amazing work and the office is so nice .
erika is one of my favorites : ) thank you baker family dental !
very professional and courteous .
she is thorough and sensitive .
i recommend this office to anyone who wants their teeth cleaned or other procedures .
ultimately , one makes the choice .
good dentistry .
amazing office , love the staff , and dr. baker is amazing !
i recommend him highly !
honestly this was the most pleasant dental experience i have ever had .
dr. baker was awesome , very personable and professional , and super quick .
so nice to go to dentist you can totally trust .
thank you baker family dental !
greatest dental experience ever !
the office is clean , welcoming & decorated beautifully & professional .
i highly recommend this place !
thank you so much baker family dental !
pain free for real !
had a bad tooth .
walked right into smiling faces and a beautiful office .
very professional in a fun way .
they ended up pulling one of my teeth and filling two .
i am very impressed and will be back .
thank you so so much .
the service and friendliness of the budget car rental staff were outstanding !
i highly recommend this budget rental car !
great place for a manicure and pedicure .
i really liked getting my pedicure here .
the venue was very nice and clean .
i 'll definitely come back here and bring my daughter with me next time .
all i can say is wow .
for the price , it was a good pedicure and manicure .
very nice woman and gentle with my sensitive feet .
the regular spa pedicure was amazing .
friendly staff .
and great brow waxing too .
great pedicure .
the people are friendly .
i got a design with my pedi .
she was fast , quiet and professional - and did a great job .
overall , very pleased !
dawn is amazing and so is gabby !
thank you for my amazing nails .
i am new from california and they were so nice and welcoming .
they made the perfect french manicure and pedicure and i have tiny nails !
i love it so so much thanks again guys !
this place is great .
they are clean and super nice !
well worth it !
the store is clean and has a wide variety of pieces .
oak for less has beautiful furniture and great prices .
i highly recommend oak for less !
all-in-all , a very friendly place to get some sweet furniture .
quite the meal if you 're broke !
what a pleasant surprise !
the service was excellent as well .
del taco is an excellent value for the price !
great cheap meal and delicious as well .
they are really good .
pretty decent .
the drive-through is fairly quick and the staff very friendly .
he took the idea i had for my hair and made it perfect !
just moved here from michigan in august and had to find a salon .
the salon itself has such a friendly atmosphere .
you 're made to feel very welcome .
i 've been there twice and will definitely continue to use this salon .
i love this place .
they did a terrific job on my hair .
the color is amazing and the cut looks awesome .
thank you so much !
i recommend you to go see her if you 're thinking about going .
david and friends is such a classy salon !
all of the stylists were so nice .
i loved my haircut and the price was reasonable too !
i will definitely be coming back .
service was fast , friendly and super helpful .
great service !
they have always done a professional job at a fair price .
feels like a small town watch repair shop .
refreshing .
i highly recommend .
thank goodness there are still establishments like norm 's !
these folks are awesome !
great customer service and very friendly .
honest people .
got ta love the small mom and pop shops that are still around .
the staff is very friendly and they know their stuff .
this place is family owned and has awesome speedy service .
as good as it gets !
thank you again , brad !
you rule !
great little shop !
friendly , courteous and knowledgable .
attentive staff and great service although i did n't have any major work done .
i hope he likes these gifts of time and happy memories .
great , timely service with a smile .
the woman working there was super nice .
my first visit was with one of my good swiss watches .
he is a true expert in his craft .
go see bill !
it 's a great date idea and good fun for any one .
the staff is friendly , helpful , and honest !
a family owned business , that has been open since _num_ !
give it a try , you will be glad you did !
the office staff is very friendly and helpful .
very professional and friendly !
they always have very nice high end furniture as well as budget friendly items .
there is always something for everyone !
loved it !
both were quite delicious and portions were huge .
it was delicious .
my girl had machaca and it was delicious .
the carne asada was extra but the most flavorful of the bunch .
this is one of the few places that i actually have cravings for .
this place is awesome .
i will definitely come back !
delicious !
a coworker and i went here a few weeks back ... amazing !
great ceviche , friendly staff , and good service .
yes , thank you !
a nice side if beans and rice completed my meal .
i would recommend this place based on the friendly service and great taste .
enjoy !
really good pupusas .
it was nice to try a variety i things .
i would really recommend this place .
food is great food is authentic and the service is nice .
delicious !
but i still enjoy their food .
great food is authentic and the service is nice .
i thought this place was great .
they helped me explain how things worked .
food was great .
thanks guys !
i 'll definitely be back !
great place to be at !
been here a few times and the food is consistently delicious .
they 've got a true fan outta me .
she helped us make our menu selections .
the food was delicious and prepared & served promptly .
this was a good experience .
she was very friendly .
my family loves to come here .
i really like this place .
it is so well worth the wait .
i always go get pupusas and i make sure to get their delicious beans .
the flavor is delicious !
people were nice and spoke good english .
prices we good also .
this is the first time visiting this restaurant .
the pupusas were very good .
the service was very good and friendly .
definitely held up to previous reviews !
pretty good for under _num_ bucks .
any form of pickled cabbage makes me very happy .
it 's a change from all the mexican food .
good stuff !
they were all great !
best salvadorian restaurant i 've had so far .
the food is overall really good .
the food does take a bit to make but it is very good .
fantastic customer service , nice rooms , well stocked workout room and beautiful pool .
i really loved this hotel !
it was clean and i got an amazing deal on hotwire .
my favorite part was that it had a balcony on every room !
absolutely loved staying here !
the food was great and there was quite a selection .
the location is also very convenient , being right next to the highway .
i definitely recommend staying here !
nice hotel that 's located not far from shopping centers and downtown chandler .
great staff , check-in was quick and easy .
rooms are fairly big and clean .
some can use a facelift but they are still in a very good shape .
worth a visit just based on that .
the beds were excellent .
there is a great pool .
we were happy to be given a large at such short notice .
the hotel is lovely on the inside and the concierge desk is exceptionally helpful .
we got a great deal from hotwire and are definitely fans !
room : the room was pretty good , no problem at all !
excellent , friendly service for a great price .
i would highly recommend this place .
reasonable price !
thanks !
i will continue going to lamb 's !
he fixes them fast and the price is great !
lamb 's is great .
the work he does is top notch !
love this little tucked away golf course !
inexpensive and fun to play !
great staff !
always enjoy playing there .
love this little golf course .
mature trees beautiful little lakes with lots of wildlife .
super friendly staff at the counter and over the phone .
great selection of appliance parts and accessories for the professional and the consumer .
the crew that is there now is so kind and helpful .
thank you to the men and women that work here .
keep up the great job .
thank you !
i was also impressed with their honesty .
these guys are awesome !
all of the guys in the shop are friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable .
i absolutely love these guys !
there knowledge , honestly , prices and customer service is beyond compare .
i tell everyone i can about them !
they have been absolutely wonderful .
their prices are very well in line if not better than other spa companies .
i highly recommend these guys .
these guys are amazing !
they are friendly and always willing to help .
thank you guys !
you 'll keep my business for a long time !
their honest & kind two qualities hard to find these days .
thx guys , honesty at it 's best !
they were great and would do business with them again .
thank you !
rarely do you find a company actually stand behind a statement like that .
wow !
highly recommended .
i highly recommend them !
great customer service !
great store with very knowledgeable staff .
when they run specials and clearance sales their prices very good too .
really nice place with a good inventory .
but they were cool and offered to help with anything i needed .
great place !
if you do n't like it ... return it .
christian is the man .
thanks for all the help .
these guys are the best of the best .
first class experience .
glad we found this place .
i would highly recommend this company .
these guys are great !
scott has helped me several times .
great customer service !
highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for motorcycle gear or parts .
these guys are great .
dave and his team are the best !
i will be taking my car here for all future service .
highly recommended and that is tough to say !
highly recommended !
nathan is very knowledgeable about vw 's and his enthusiasm really shows .
thanks german motors !
fantastic price too .
they 're also really accommodating with your schedule !
thanks again and i will definitely be back .
yes and i will do it again .
the prices are seriously great- yes even at the dealership .
this place is always clean and they recently remodeled .
he will treat you with respect .
would highly recommend for anyone considering a bike !
these guys are great !
i bought a jet ski here _num_ years ago very happy .
highly recommend these guys .
great business , friendly staff .
would recommend to anyone without hesitation .
recommended highly !
as feed stores go this is pretty good .
they run a good feed store and the feed is clean .
they are always well stocked and prices are very reasonable .
thank you for having in stock older chicks for sale .
clean and friendly .
they are very patient with questions and helpful .
prices are good too .
always super helpful .
great theater !
the customer service here is always great too .
the facilities ( even the bathrooms ) are clean and inviting .
i love this bank .
good vibes people .
i always get great service here !
the staff is friendly and attentive !
they really make you feel at home !
such a refreshing experience compared to the last time we had a pool built .
we were treated exceptionally well right from the time we walked in the door .
their quality of work is top notch .
i highly recommend these guys .
we received regular calls to update us on what the next step would be .
we love how it turned out and would recommend them !
very professional , we were thrilled with them .
an outstanding remodeling job !
i 've been going there for years , it 's a great shop .
we had a great time .
the staff was very friendly .
the course is perfect for the beginning golfer or to play with kids .
excellent , fast greens .
courteous staff , good cart service .
scenic and comfortable patio with food service overlooking pond .
this is a good cvs .
great help and awesome staff !
they definitely put service and professionalism first !
this is a family owned business and they care about their patients .
dr. lee is friendly and professional .
my glasses arrived in a timely manner & are great .
very nice staff !
i had a great experience as they took me in for my eye care .
great eye dr. office looks clean and well decorated !
professional , thorough and a great sense of humor .
the front staff was so helpful and friendly .
would definitely recommend !
staff was very attentive and helpful .
they have a quality selection to choose from and i am super picky .
clean , friendly service .
very cool .
this lady `` gets it '' : ) _num_ star service right there !
these guys are awesome !
now my pool is sparkling blue !
excellent customer service too !
amazing service don and his wife where amazing to me and my daughter .
i would recommend this place to everyone .
always makes my nails look beautiful !
i finally found one .
my nails and eyebrows turned out amazing !
great service they know what they are doing !
as far as banks go , they all seem to be the same inside .
it 's nice to know someone takes their time and does n't rush .
a little on the high end - but worth it !
happy birthday to me .
was wonderful allowing me to soak my feet before she started my treatment .
i went all out getting the deluxe pedicure and it was worth every penny .
i will definitely visit again .
this place is truly a gem of the east valley .
i absolutely love this place .
this little farmers market is pretty solid .
the tomatoes they sell actually taste like tomatoes !
just a great , all around local farmer 's market .
this is a nice little produce market .
this is a family business .
i love this market .
it 's a small market but we enjoy it .
my husband loves molly 's tamales and baked with love .
i bought a black truffle parmesan chunk and it is so rich and delicious .
the produce was spectacular .
this is a gem in my own neighborhood that i just discovered !
the prices are reasonable for organic and fresh produce .
fantastic little farmers market with fresh and delicious produce !
i stocked up on fresh fruits that were exceptionally delicious .
such a fun place to shop .
absolutely the best farmers market around .
the customer service is very friendly and i believe all the workers are family .
my favorite neighborhood farmers market !
fresh produce , homemade treats inside .
huge variety .
great prices .
entertainment also , every wednesday night !
perfect family outing .
besides that , it was a great experience and we will definitely go back .
this is a cute little farmers market with quite a few gluten free options .
i recommend stopping to check it out when you are out that way .
small place but it works for me .
i 'm from vegas so i 'm willing to travel for good real farm !
this place is awesome .
i made a special trip just to come here .
i was very pleased .
good service , very friendly .
very honest old fashioned service .
nice neighborhood hair salon .
prices are great .
my gal is kelsey ... love her !
she does solid hair .
i 'm so relieved to have found such a great salon close to home .
friendly , fast service in the drive-thru .
awesome personalities !
i love the brand and what they stand for .
this is the best starbucks in the east mesa area .
i was so surprised !
great staff .
friendly environment .
the food was good .
great starbucks flavor as usual .
so nice !
what a lovely way to start the morning .
i recommend to go inside if at all possible ( much faster ) .
this is my favorite starbucks .
i visit mesa twice a year and have finally found my vacation spot starbucks .
great job , drew & crew !
definitely an asset to this location !
this is great americanized chinese food .
definitely the best in the far east valley .
every food item i have had from this restaurant has been great .
would recommend this to anyone looking for a good chinese food place .
nice little mom and pop .
good price , good food .
i will definitely be going back .
good .
there food is very good , place is always packed with people .
you ca n't beat a lunch special for $ _num_ and it 's huge !
this place is always packed .
solid choice for chinese .
service is always fast , friendly and efficient .
first time eating here today , food was great , service was very quick .
lunch portions for price was great !
good food .
awesome prices and even better lunch specials .
good portions , fresh , and great for leftovers .
everything we 've ordered has tasted great !
this place fit the bill nicely !
the sauce was perfect , yum !
great food , every time .
dine in and carry out , this place is fantastic !
wow , for a fast food chinese place , this is actually pretty good .
good flavor and attentive waiter to refill drinks .
overall , i good place to go .
the service was great and a smile on there face !
very friendly staff .
the prices are average and the inside is clean .
the food was good .
everything tastes really good from the soup to the appetizers to the entres .
always love coming here when i 'm on this side of the valley .
great food , fast and attentive service , good prices .
always great food .
best pork fried rice .
they treat you like their friends ( or family ) .
love the wonton soup here and the staff is very friendly and timely .
the employees are always so helpful and courteous .
thank you for being a place i can trust !
the best auto parts place around bar none .
i recommend this location .
heather cut hair and did an awesome job .
my favorite place to go and get my hair done .
very efficient and friendly staff .
we had a good experience over all .
overall , this was a very positive experience .
the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
smooth and easy , affordable and convenient .
if you need a rental go to this location , nicest people !
love enterprise .
as usual ... great service for a reasonable price .
thank you !
even got a refund for the extra gas we put in .
very pleasant experience , from checking to return .
great service .
the staff is very professional and courteous .
i was in arizona for a wedding and got great weekend deal .
one of my favorite rental companies .
well the food is good .
great breakfast spot .
these airport cafes all tend to be very good .
found is awesome , service is great , and prices are not bad .
such a great little spot .
the food is great as well as the service .
this place is super convenient for me .
very friendly staff and good food .
very reasonable prices .
there are also many model planes hanging which are pretty cool to look at .
i would definitely recommend checking it out if you 're in the area .
this is our new spot for breakfast !
i will be coming here whenever i want a good breakfast !
i had a very good breakfast burrito here this am breakfast .
great service too .
not great though .
i love this place !
you bet i 'm going to be a regular now !
such great people and food !
thanks guys !
love this place !
which my _num_ year old son loved !
so fun !
staff was great !
it was really good for the price of only $ _num_ .
friendly , helpful staff .
the bread pudding was really good .
i thought the prices were great .
the place was really clean also .
great place to take a family to watch planes and eat a quality meal .
lunch menu is great !
it is a neat novelty and the food is good , but not great .
service also good but not great .
this place is always a family favorite !
the weekend breakfast buffet is great , and refilled quickly as needed .
just plain good breakfast food !
the service is friendly , cheerful , and attentive .
the location is great ... tucked away , and slightly off the beaten path .
which is always cool !
the customer service at this walgreens is outstanding .
fantastic extra thought , effort .
everyone was soooo nice .
they actually make you excited to go back for your next cleaning !
her office is beautiful and her staff is very nice .
the office is very clean and very comfortable .
her assistants are also very attentive and helpful .
good experiences !
i 'm so happy to have a great dentist so close to home .
they are compassionate and caring and do great work .
i am a full time traveler and have difficulty finding a good nail salon .
this one fit the bill nicely .
he did excellent work and i had absolutely no problems with the outcome .
we will definitely be going back there !
very nice place !
my grandma said is was the best pedicure she ever got .
super clean and funny people .
prices are really affordable !
such a relaxing moment !
tom did a fantastic job and the selection of gel colors was absolutely amazing .
i am excited to try a new color every time !
very friendly and the shop was clean and welcoming .
i will definitely be returning .
i recommend highly !
and the food is always consistent .
but there 's this employee whose name is daniel and he works the window !
totally awesome customer service .
he 's always happy and thorough !
good job daniel !
see you soon !
great coffee , makes wicked specialty coffee .
service is friendly , quick and always makes you feel welcome .
i ca n't recommend this place highly enough .
everyone was super nice and friendly .
your tastebuds will thank you after they 're done dancing .
great place to get a coffee .
all the baristas are really nice .
awesome service and quality products .
delicious coffee and breakfast pastries and bagels all prepared with care .
clean and comfy storefront with seating inside and out .
besides the fun name , it was actually a pretty cool place .
i had an iced mocha and a scone , both delicious .
everything was great !
their coffee is rich and smooth and very enjoyable .
their friendly customer service makes it even more worth the visit .
so thankful that they use a good coffee bean , that are roasted correctly .
i love supporting our local business .
best local coffee shop !
yum !
the absolute best !
good service , clean .
really liked the service very nice and fast .
we go there frequently .
the service is great and the food delicious .
nice clean store , friendly employees .
i work right next door , so this store is very convenient .
always clean , well stocked and employees are nice .
other than that everything else is great !
the bouquet turned out perfect !
everyone was great and we had a blast .
great breakfast .
kids eat free in summer .
great fried chicken family atmosphere and great service !
i 've eaten here several times and liked it every time .
onion rings were actually really good .
i found the food to be great .
great !
service was excellent .
this is such a wonderful find !
the courses are really good desert golf courses .
this place has a+ customer service .
great place !
very comfortable , beautiful scenery , and the course is usually in great shape .
fun time for sure .
played last week and as good as it 's ever been .
nice stay although hotwire hit me w extra fee for resort fee .
outside area awesome and course was great to see .
i enjoyed staying here .
beautiful place to stay .
great music at dinner !
dinosaur is a truly amazing course .
went golfing yesterday , had a fantastic time !
what a great course seen wildlife around every corner .
went golfing yesterday , had a fantastic time !
what a great course seen wildlife around every corner .
great people , amazing atmosphere , delicious food !
all of the locals are welcoming and always happy to see new faces !
when you are here you are family !
great gem of a place .
staff is friendly , good food .
great ambience .
debbie the owner is great !
the best bar west of the mississippi river !
great service , great food , great owners !
thanks chad and debbie !
best part they are open til _num_ am everyday !
drinks are very well made and extremely well priced .
atmosphere is very comfortable and server very pleasant .
this is a great locals bar .
the atmosphere is definitely western , as it should be here .
drinks are inexpensive and the staff is always friendly .
i really like this place and always feel comfortable there .
fun !
he is attentive and open with his feedback .
they always are very friendly and take more than _num_ seconds with you .
the offices are always clean and bright .
great support staff as well .
the male dr. was very nice and thorough .
christine cuts my hair and always does a great job and is knowledgeable .
easy to talk to .
i booked a spot in advance and they got me right in .
very nice location !
ever since they did a remodel this place is excellent !
fresh food brought in daily like at qt .
nice !
the pharmacy staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
best dive bar in apache junction !
the owner , mary , is a hoot and treats her customers right !
friendly place .
the place was very clean .
the people who work there are extremely friendly .
i got my eye brows done and pedi .
i would recommend to my friends .
i thought the staff was friendly and detailed .
my tech was very friendly and did a great job .
will definitely be coming back !
this is definitely the best sit down restaurant in apache junction .
he really liked this place so we went here .
i ordered the green chili and corn tamales and loved them !
they had a kind of sweet and spicy taste to them .
they were soft and delicious !
this place is a little pricey , but very tasty and awesome service !
got ta say , i was really pleasantly surprised by this place .
the kitchen has clearly got its act together .
our stuff arrived relatively quickly - done to perfection - and piping hot .
price ?
very reasonable .
also outdoor dinning and breakfast .
highly recommend .
good happy hour with discount apps and drinks .
enjoyed the chips and salsa with hot sauce on the side .
the mini chimi platter app was delicious .
the food is always excellent and the service is great as well .
they have the best chips and salsa in the valley .
i really like this place !
the patio is very nice and large so the tables are not jammed together .
good food !
great prices for breakfast .
service was good , but the taco salad was great .
short wait , but worth it .
lots of older people eat early .
good prices and all in all it was a good dining experience .
this place is great .
when we go to arizona to visit my parents we almost always eat here .
i love love love the chips and salsa !
the carne asada is really good !
the cheese crisp is also very good !
great tacos .
service is excellent .
came here with a huge group recently .
decent mexican food .
always have had great service .
a very vibrant lunch crowd .
excellent !
a very nice oasis on a dusty trail .
this was very good and memorable !
the best chips and salsa i have had in arizona .
exceptional service here and delicious tacos !
the best chimis ever .
delicious .
and great customer service .
always exceptional service .
food is always fresh and orders arrive correctly .
awesome food and service !
the mucho grande quesadilla is what i ordered and it was so good !
i think we have found a new favorite .
been going here for years and love it !
best chips and salsa you will get in the east valley .
great atmosphere , friendly employees .
highly recommended !
always clean , nice fresh atmosphere and reasonable prices .
good food and service .
great service & food .
nice food .
the tequila challenge is too much fun .
i 'll be back for sure with friends !
my wife and i love this place .
their pork is fantastic their green sauce is wonderful .
their tacos are very tasty .
super close to home , nice outdoor seating , good food .
but he loves the salsa !
the staff is always pleasant .
salsa is some of the best in arizona .
portions are large and drinks are strong .
staff are always nice and the patio is nice .
their salsa is my favorite !
the chips were fresh and the salsa was very good .
the pork was tender and the sauce had the right amount of spice .
sometimes great and sometimes just okay .
still one of the best for mexican food in the area .
salsa and chips are so good !
this is the best mexican food in aj hands down .
has a great menu selection along with endless amount of chips .
delicious food , great service .
it 's nicely decorated , reasonable prices .
excellent food , friendly staff and nice patio .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
my dad loves the seafood enchiladas .
big fan of mexican food .
i 've always experienced great service every time i come in !
great place to enjoy the patio and a drink .
service was outstanding .
food was very reasonably priced and good .
i will definitely be back !
the staff here was fantastic !
she was fantastic !
the food was pretty good too !
it was hot and fresh !
theirs was pretty good !
not the best but well up on that list !
i feel that the restaurant has an american twist to it .
great food .
my wife and i love to go here on date nights .
atmosphere is nice .
i highly recommend the seafood enchilada !
my wife loves the carne asada .
best food , margaritas and service in the east valley !
always great service and delicious food .
also fair pricing .
i was surprised actually .
our waitress was pleasant , attentive and helpful .
we were practically the only people in the restaurant so we had great service .
service was excellent , very attentive and very nice , friendly & smiling waitress .
a very nice casual spot with a beautiful view .
the pot roast burger is tremendous !
atmosphere is great , alternatives are non-existent .
i love this place !
then we ordered some appetizers to share and they were hot and delicious .
the entire wait staff was friendly , happy , and fast .
still our favorite restaurant in the entire valley .
absolutely _num_ stars in every category .
this is one of my top favorite restaurants .
a totally lovely experience all the way around .
re : the food is always great .
we always sit out on the balcony to fully enjoy the view .
the pot roast burger was delicious and the fries really hit the spot !
all the food was tasty and cooked to perfection .
the service was right on .
it seemed like they really got themselves into gear service wise .
very happy to see that and happily return .
they have a great selection and the people are truly fantastic .
worth the stop !
they have the best service department in the area !
otherwise it 's a great place to get your harley fix !
parts has been excellent in working with patrick , harley and the others .
well i already paid $ _num_ .
i 'll let you know if they make this right .
i 'm happy to give them a _num_ star rating now .
the went above and beyond my expectations .
dave in parts was very friendly and helpful .
inside was clean .
management lady was pleasant .
she was very kind and courteous to all the patrons there .
loved the machines .
highly recommended !
this place was very clean .
well lit and security cameras made my wife feel very safe .
first time at this laundromat - excellent !
very clean !
thank you !
i really really appreciate this and you most definitely made my day .
thank you so much bashas your bakery employees rock !
the transition to the new owners was very smooth .
keep up the good work !
very nice and secure .
they look nice and fit as well .
the service is excellent .
of antiques and collectibles .
if you 're looking for a recommendation , this is it .
she was an older lady and had a outstanding personality .
my favorite for twenty plus years .
i was really excited when i saw that it was beautifully remodeled and reopened .
the food was outstanding and the service was over the top .
food is good , chips crisp and the service was very good .
nice touch .
all in all a good visit .
i love how its nice and colorful inside .
the workers there are nice and friendly with good service .
the price are well priced .
wonderful garlicky hot sauce has been on those tables for decades .
big iced teas !
we both had great burritos ... chicken and shredded beef enchilada style .
beautiful new place .
wait staff was friendly and professional .
food was hot and delicious .
a great spot for a good appetite after hiking .
the posole and the enchiladas are wonderful .
the beans and rice were a good compliment .
food was really good and it comes pretty close to being authentic .
with all staff waiting on us .
the margaritas are the best and service is top notch .
best mexican restaurant !
a bit of a wait at times ... but quality food takes time .
highly recommended !
fantastic food , beautiful refreshing atmosphere , great service , very reasonable prices !
we 'll certainly be back !
we went for breakfast and really enjoyed it .
i really enjoyed the service .
one of my favorite things to eat is enchiladas .
last time was amazing .
the food was excellent .
we enjoyed the service , atmosphere , and the food .
the food was good .
good thing was they only charged me for the a la carte .
overall great experience , do n't believe the bad reviews .
barb made me laugh & enjoy the meal we had together .
i recommend you give it a try ... perhaps not during their busiest hours .
salsa is yummy and one of my favorites in town .
the ambiance is nice , place is clean and spacious .
my meal was good , the service better and i look forward to returning .
great breakfasts and lunches !
my husband rates their patty melt as one of the best he has had .
funny how some people are impossible to please .
do i take all my visitors here at least once , you bet !
great food , decent prices .
very awesome .
good food , service and coffee .
happy happy staff in a very busy place .
okay , this is a local 's secret .
the inside is okay !
the service is pretty good as well .
small town feel and amazing service .
food is hot fresh and fast everytime , no matter how packed they are .
highly recommended for breakfast .
chuck the cook makes perfect , crispy hashbrowns everytime !
very good prices for a very tasty breakfast .
service was exceptional and i will absolutely come back .
nice hole in the wall small town vibe place .
we will definitely be back .
i 'd recommend it to anyone !
wonderful hidden gem of you are looking for great tasty diner like meals .
always consistent , often busy but always quick service .
well worth the effort to find it .
wonderful food great service .
the pork fried rice is fantastic and they advertise no msg .
food is good , large portions !
i love this place .
the staff is always very friendly .
the food is good , always made fresh and comes out fast .
and the best part is that they deliver !
great value and yummy food !
delivery was fast and i think i found a new home !
hands down best chinese food ever .
very good !
second review of this place and i still love it .
great lunch special prices and the mongolian beef is the best .
i definitely will !
discounts too !
is a great taco bell !
i stopped by this antique mall recently and really enjoyed my visit .
what a fun place to look around !
if you are looking to browse some treasures , this is a great spot .
i went to this store a few days ago and it was very nice .
i felt the prices were fair and the staff was very nice and helpful .
love this place !
food is always great , cashier is pretty rude , but prices are good .
always pretty clean in here .
they can hold pretty large groups .
so if we really want a good pizza , this is our first choice .
we always enjoy the buffet and have never left disappointed .
but it seems like they always try to make the customer happy .
as long as they keep it up im happy !
food has been good to date and a friendly personable delivery person when needed .
the salad is always delicious and the personal pan pizza is great .
sarah is the best thing that 's happened to my hair !
so glad i have these girls to take care of my hair !
i have found my new salon !
i love aj flowers .
thank you apache junction flowers , for doing such a great job !
by far the best flowers from the best people at the best place .
they are passionate about what they do and it shows .
i will definitely be back again and again .
proud to support local !
i have the best arrangements from aj flowers that accent our lovely home .
scores points with the mrs. too .
great looking flowers .
the best part it was a reasonable tow fee !
the driver ( roy ) was very friendly and helpful .
i would recommend them to anyone .
great place !
nice menu at great prices for your family budget .
happy hour from 2pm to 7pm .
great golf course , fun track .
pace was solid and consistent .
good times .
this golf course is a great desert course .
the chicken salad is delicious !
you are in for a treat !
huge portions , diner style food , friendly service all super quick !
much much better this time thank goodness .
annie who was working the drive thru helped me out .
kudos to her for doing an exceptional job .
been a couple of times now .
staff always attentive .
food fresh and lots of choice .
would go again and recommend .
this is absolutely the best place in the entire world to work .
the guests are amazing and the staff is so great to be around .
we really have some amazing managers .
great value , great food , great service .
got ta love dairy queen .
this one has good service and seems clean .
i hit it pretty hard .
great ice cream !
amazing combination !
this is the best hardware store around .
i liked this motel .
the people were soooooo nice !
it was nice enough and convenient , and the staff was super nice .
i stayed here with several friends and had a great time .
the owner was also the manager and he was extremely pleasant .
nothing overly fancy , but a great place to stay !
the owner met us at the office to process our stay .
a great place to take kids and out-of-town guests .
hey this place is pretty cool .
one of the stores has really great salsa for sale .
the scenery is beautiful and service is friendly .
wow so fun .
everything was pretty reasonably priced too , score !
cool place with great views of the mountains .
a nice little stop along apache trail .
anyways , the scenery is beautiful and the old town was entertaining .
fun place with lots to do : train ride , mine tour , etc .
the prices are a little high for the experience .
best part : mystery shack .
fun little town to learn the area about .
mystery shack is really fun and interesting !
gun fight was fun also .
we ate at the saloon , was pricy , but very good .
all the staff here is very friendly and makes the trip a pleasure .
highly recommend .
awesome view and great place for a wedding !
open bar , friendly staff ... was fabulous experience !
love this little town .
the chapel is open to the public .
great place to take guests then a trip to the lake after .
what a cute spot for some local flavor .
this ghost town is a neat tourist attraction with good views and interesting shops .
love the shops and great picture opportunities .
it 's unique scenery is a reason alone to go here .
and the gun show is free and the kids love it !
take your family and spend a few hours here and enjoy yourself .
it is a fun few hours .
good , clean fun for the whole family !
it 's great !
it 's very cute , all age fun and beautiful views !
this is a really fun half day adventure for a family .
it is worth the money .
they try very hard to make it as authentic as possible .
this place is sweet !
like the old wild west !
the rest was cool for a quick visit .
great views for pictures .
a really fun place to explore .
good variety of attractions .
we had a great time .
fun day !
this place is worth the time to go relax and check it out !
it 's a cool place for kids too !
this little town is fun and growing every year .
train ride was great and the staff is very friendly .
love this place !
seriously so much fun and sooo much to do .
a great place for pictures too .
would have loved to have the kids with us for some cute photo ops .
but that 's part of its charm .
i had an amazing time here .
i highly recommend this place for a day you feel like taking an adventure !
this was a fantastic place to visit !
they do a great job with keeping the `` village '' authentic .
a great and beautiful ride to a very interesting and downright cool destination .
we had alot of fun here !
it was very interesting .
we enjoyed the gun show also , great ending .
this place is a pretty cool spot for kids .
super touristy but the kids enjoy it .
loved this place !
nice little day trip from chandler since we are new to the area .
loved the saloon !
fun for all , families included .
this is a very cool place to take kids to !
we really had a fun time !
the zip line was a lot of fun & again was n't over priced !
i highly recommend it !
cute , tourist place .
had friends visiting from out of town just sounded like something fun to do .
i would totally recommend it to anybody it 's a fun time !
the mine tour was excellent .
, was terrific .
the trails are well marked with historic and botanical details .
great day for all the ages we had represented !
thanks for making it available .
what a fun place to spend time with the family !
great photo ops !
the employees were nice and the entire place was interesting and enjoyable .
the concession food was decent and the ice cream was good .
overall , i would recommend this ghost town to anyone !
during a recent trip in arizona we went here with a family group .
we enjoyed the mystery shack , the train ride and the mine tour .
he made the experience entertaining and informative !
definitely worth the couple of bucks to see !
wonderful service , and really sweet ladies .
if you need flowers for any occasion i would absolutely recommend you go here .
this place is great for all flower needs .
they have great gift ideas too .
the owners are helpful and happy everytime i go in there .
true artists .
i will definitely recommend and use you again !
thanks for your great work !
we make the most beautiful arrangements .
thank you !
flowers are always fresh and beautiful !
i first came here to order my wedding flower bouquet , absolutely beautiful !
i highly recommend this flower shop .
everyone is very friendly and professional , very helpful !
i was very pleased with my experience .
she was very nice and accommodating .
my flowers were delivered on time and the quality was excellent .
i will definitely place my next order with them !
a+ a+ a+ thank you soo much !
the flowers on the cake were gorgeous .
my step dad loved the basket !
thanks for all of your spectacular work !
he was very excited about the pickled legs !
i 'll be sending flowers again for mother 's day !
so friendly , helpful , and well-stocked !
got my last christmas gift taken care of , thanks to you !
i ordered flowers last minute for my anniversary .
was fantastic and the flowers were beautifully done and delivered as promised .
thanks for a wonderful experience .
fantastic .
great people and the flowers were beautiful .
my husband really loves this place !
they are absolutely beautiful !
just absolutely gorgeous ... .
thank you ladies !
as they say it is what it is .
absolutely the very best apache junction has to offer .
god bless .
honest to the bone .
steaks and prime rib were tops and at a fair price .
great staff and and variety of food .
she will make it right .
everything i have ever tried here is good .
definitely worth checking out !
we visited on a friday evening - wow , is it popular !
they had us seated pretty fast and the service was absolutely great !
i stole some of my wife 's french fries - very yummy !
i will definitely come back again soon .
terrific food ... especially the all you can eat fish !
the fish has a nice light breading .
good service .
there 's always a crowd ; but it is worth the wait !
starting with the chips and salsa the food was excellent .
my husband had the chicken lime burger and it was so unique and good .
superb place to eat .
delicious mexican food .
cod was good although i ate too much .
the food is good and the service is fast and friendly .
atmosphere and service were great .
the haunted history was intriguing .
great food !
the service was great as well .
everything on the menu sounded so good .
i ordered the pot roast and it was perfect .
super juicy and tender .
it comes with tasty hand cut fries .
this is becoming a habit !
amanda is terrific & the owner dick is such a nice guy .
i really like this place .
the fried cod is buttery , crisp , and flaky .
they keep the free chips and salsa coming and the service is usually good .
a true apache junction gem .
great food and real people .
thanks !
this place has become a bit of a tradition on my family .
the food is always great , we 've never been disappointed !
i 'm pretty easy going and like just about everything on the menu .
the service is good and the prices are just right !
love this place .
great hangout place after a tough hike or a bike ride .
good food , friendly people and good service at a reasonable price .
this place really surprised me in a good way .
the food was good and the service was fabulous ( thanks judy ! )
good people at this place .
what a nice gem !
great place for $ _num_ beers during happy hour .
food was great and generous .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
one of my favorite places in apache junction !
love it here ... it 's like being home .
owner is great too , really takes pride in his establishment .
this place is a great small town feel restaurant .
the food is good , and the prices are not bad !
great food , great people , fun atmosphere !
it 's very unique .
a down home , fun place .
it 's fun and a little silly with great food & service .
good down-home cooking at a fair price .
quaint restaurant in apache junction .
will definitely go back next time i 'm in town .
which means , reasonable prices , good service , tasty food in good quantities .
good food at a affordable price .
i had the homemade chicken pot pie and i really liked it .
nothing fancy , but it is good local food and friendly service .
what impressed us was how truly friendly the front staff was .
very nice experience .
i love their food .
this place definitely does great .
super clean .
employees are so nice and so helpful .
salsa there is so tasty and so is the guacamole .
lovely employees !
great store always great prices !
they are a really good store !
down to earth , fun chicks to party with .
do yourself a favor and check this place out .
but the prices , great customer service and location always keep me coming back .
the prices are low and for the most part , the quality is good .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
we eat really well all year , thanks to this market .
great place .
love this place !
always get a bunch of stuff for a really great price !
great prices great place to buy your produce .
love stopping here .
found some great locally made items too .
i love this place !
this is the place !
if you love vegetables and fruit and eat it quickly , awesome !
+ the sales they got are always has great worth to it .
and it 's still in great shape !
on time and professional work done as promised .
thanks to the entire crew and owners for a pleasant experience .
it was quite a different experience than the previous times i was there .
overall a good store .
they have a lot of unique stuff you ca n't find anywhere else .
good place and good people .
yes , i was very happy .
i recommend it .
prices on firearms and ammo is quite high however .
the selection is outstanding and the prices are more than fair .
finally a store run by nice professionals .
jeff and his staff are a good bunch of people .
thanks .
this store has an incredible stock in inventory of merchandise .
they always treat us right and are very friendly .
friendly , helpful staff .
i strongly recommend this place .
this is an excellent gun store .
we were very pleased !
everyone was so nice & caring .
i would recommend this place to everyone .
the pa was sweet young women who was great !
great visit !
clean office and good location .
i recommend .
thanks , nick and don !
the ladies at a touch of class are amazing !
she was treated very well and groomed so beautifully !
this is a wonderful place to take your dogs for grooming .
i found this place on yelp !
they are awesome !
great price and great service !
i will be back !
did and excellent job !
i was very happy with the grooming !
awesome service !
great people !
amazing job !
very satisfied with out decision !
he looked so handsome !
the trails are in great condition and the views are spectacular .
wonderful views , very quiet , my kids always have a great time here .
what a gorgeous place for hiking !
great variety of trails !
lots of good scenery so bring a good camera too !
this state park is fantastic .
if you are close you should really come and check it out !
there are a good number of trails that would take many days to explore .
brilliant !
i highly recommend this hike to anyone in the phoenix , az area .
the sunset definitely had a great contrast with the mountains .
the best trail so far !
a challenge and nice view !
a must see when you 're in phoenix !
this place is very beautiful , and full of scenery .
great first day hike for _num_ !
i highly recommend going and you can bring the whole family .
it is truly a wonderful place .
fellas , if your lady likes to hike , take her here .
based on the hiking trail alone , this place is just great !
still , it 's a great adventure and i love it !
it was super clean and the view was amazing !
will definitely come back .
great hiking in a beautiful area .
we loved it .
; - ) it was very hot but still worth it .
it was so beautiful out there .
awesome hidden gem .
what a beautiful mountain !
the view from the top is fantastic .
definitely worth stopping by if you are in the area .
really fun .
one of my favorite places to hike !
beautiful scenery and breathtaking views .
paid _num_ bucks for parking , experience gained and scenery : priceless .
overall , the park is beautiful and the weather was perfect for the hike .
enjoy and be safe !
great state park not far from phoenix area .
a nice view to see a arizona desert sunset .
i recommend to go early .
one of my favorite parks and places to hike in the valley !
this is the perfect time to camp in arizona but it never felt crowded .
the whole night was spectacular .
i would recommend him to anyone !
they were great !
honest , good mechanics !
very friendly , honest people .
there honest and plain out good mechanics !
i would highly recommend them .
the best part was they only changed a minimal fee for the service .
thanks for taking such good care of mom !
would highly recommend them to anyone and will definitely use them again .
yes the decor is dated but clean and comfortable .
the staff there in the evening are nice and attentive .
best wings in town , by far !
their bread is always fresh .
this place is consistent .
i 've eaten here dozens of times and it 's always great .
best wings on earth !
cough , cough .
buffalo wild wings , cough cough !
this is my favorite place for lunch and for dinner .
their bread is amazing .
my children enjoy pizza and subs with their homemade chips .
it 's nice to dine in at times .
clean and nice people .
easy on the onions .
the food here is great , the bread and most dishes are made fresh .
for lunch try one of the sandwiches , delicious !
great place .
so delicious .
and they even have happy hour .
quick and efficient with drive-thru and drive up .
always love coming here , its a real treat .
first and foremost the food has a very thoughtful flavor to it .
they do this one meal at a time and it shows .
my favorite is lunch time .
this place rocks !
the food , service , decor , and concept is great .
service was good and prompt .
the food was well prepared , the service was nice .
the food has stayed the same , well prepared , tastey .
the staff is always very friendly .
i will continue to return there .
we 've eaten here several times , and the food is always good .
the staff is very friendly .
there is always something yummy and interesting on the menu .
enjoy this wonderful establishment !
probably the best place to eat in casa grande !
honestly everything i have tried there is fresh and flavorful .
atmosphere is good and the staff is excellent !
will return !
he loved them both !
the service is very friendly and attentive .
we both loved the food , the atmosphere , and the service .
she ordered a cheeseburger , i got the portobello mushroom sandwich .
`` ) .
we found creative cafe and headed over .
we had a margarita pizza , it was great and bigger than expected .
prices were very reasonable and i love going to places that are independent .
a delightful spot for fresh , imaginative food .
they also cater and it 's always a hit !
i recommend nora 's chicken raspberry salad !
the best chicken salad in arizona !
their menu has something for everyone .
kudos to creative cafe !
love this place !
such a great local business that i feel great supporting each time i go .
they are a wonderful asset to the community and have delicious food to boot !
this time we brought very good friends and you know how that usually goes .
absolutely _num_ stars .
the service was fantastic .
the setting so comfortable .
and the food - excellent .
four people in our party , three different dinners , all perfect .
price is right too .
absolutely a super place to eat .
it was our first time there and a great place to eat .
it 's definitely worth the trip .
we loved it .
excellent service , good menu selection , very reasonable prices .
awesome food and great service .
the walls are all painted with colorful designs .
both perfect .
keep up the awesome work !
this is such a cheerful spot for lunch .
the staff was pleasant and very attentive and the food was fantastic .
i definitely recommend the creative cafe .
creative caf here in casa grande , arizona is a winner .
quality food and exceptional personalized service .
best & consistent fare in casa grande .
very friendly .
owners always on the spot .
their tortilla soup has a bit of a kick and was also quite good .
this place is great for lunch .
the people are nice and serve you well .
the place has a very local feel to it that i love .
beautiful clean restaurant , great service and excellent food .
few good restaurants in casa grande , this is our new go to place .
love the egg salad sandwich .
been here twice now and been very good both times .
best salads in casa grande !
portions are good size , food is fresh and moderate prices .
excellent dinner with friends last wednesday .
the portions were perfect and reasonably priced .
food is so fresh and yummy .
the owners are a wonderful family and they have awesome people working for them .
it makes my day to get to see her .
love creative cafe ; everything that they offer is fabulous .
had lunch there today and was extremely pleased .
food was great and got to our table in a timely manner .
i will recommend it to all my friends .
nice atmosphere , very tasty food .
had a nice lunch there today .
salad was good & the turkey wrap was very delicious .
highly recommend this place for a good lunch .
service is good , it 's a clean feeling place , food is decent .
meal was clean & fresh tasting .
service fast and friendly .
love this place , such fun and good food .
the raspberry chipotle glazed salmon was amazing .
ryan is a great server and attentive to the guests .
but all the staff are always warm .
this restaurant is a community treasure !
the food is outstanding and the service quick and friendly .
the southwest sauce that comes with the fries is awesome !
the place is clean , decorated nicely , and comfortable .
staff is friendly .
exceptional food .
recommend the salads for sure .
the staff is friendly and quick even when they are slammed at lunch .
great service !
this is such an amazing array of tastes just waiting to temp you tummy .
wonderful stuff .
pretty darn good food .
love the place inside too .
it is a good restaurant .
clean with great service , even near closing .
they always have what i need that 's what is important .
very nice store and helpful employees !
great location as well !
these guys are great .
come to this place really hungry !
this one is just as charming and cute as any other cracker barrel .
the homestyle cooked food was well prepared and service was friendly .
the prices are reasonable as well .
the best is cookie jar on 2nd street .
cute little store too .
great price and great food .
man , so good .
price is right , service is normally fast and food is good quality .
my family eats here after church most sundays & we love it !
wonderful staff , very friendly .
friendly folks , great food , awesome location !
the best pancakes ever !
it is now my new favorite place to eat .
it has great choices and plenty of food .
atmosphere and waiter are great .
we loved it .
thank for the great service and great food .
see you again on our way back from austin .
it turned out to be a pleasant meal .
so delicious .
the fruit was very fresh and tasted delicious .
also , the thanksgiving meal was great and well worth it !
service is always good .
food is always fresh .
their store is amazing and offers wonderful things .
it 's very fun and exciting .
but the food is absolutely top notch , and worth the wait !
really good food , best in casa grande in my opinion .
apparently they are under new management as the service was very good .
for casa grande this place is fantastic !
good selection - my favorite was the red chile beef .
best mexican in casa grande .
the servers were all very friendly .
the salsa is good - not too hot , spicy .
iced tea is excellent .
btw , the fried ice cream is really terrific .
the take-out is really great too .
i got a great deal and was treated like one of the family !
great place to buy a new or used car .
they treat you like family .
keep it local !
the man is so understanding and willing to help .
i highly recommend this dealership for any new or used car purchase .
they are top-notch when it comes to customer satisfaction and service .
i got a ride home with a very pleasant man .
palm creek is our winter home .
this is a great rv resort .
this is one of my and my husband 's favorite restaurants in the area .
the house fried rice and general tso 's chicken are really good .
we love the food , the people , and the reasonable prices .
we 'll definitely be back for more !
what a great find !
service is great and friendly .
food was outstanding .
price is right .
maybe the best in casa grande .
they cooked really fast and tasted always good !
my favorite are beef curry and ice green tea !
good chinese food at a reasonable price .
staff is friendly and service is great .
small dine in but always seems to have seats available .
our favorites : war won ton soup , pork fried rice and sesame chicken .
the food is so good here .
lemon chicken , honey chicken or pork and chow mien always excellent !
the service is outstanding .
always yummy !
really good food , lunch prices are really affordable .
_num_ bucks for an entree , fried rice and an egg role .
food was awesome , huge portions and the service was great too !
best chinese food in town .
friendly service , generous food portions .
incredible consistency , impeccable service , and the food is always served hot !
you should eat here today !
small , but service is fast and food was above average .
food is really good and price is great !
the lunch specials are a fantastic value .
i ordered the kung pao shrimp , which had very good , robust flavor .
everyone around the table enjoyed their meals as well .
check it out if you are in the area or passing through !
the portions are huge and the food is delicious .
went here today with my boyfriend , we loved it .
food was hot and flavorful .
i loved the sesame chicken and pot stickers .
pretty good and we ordered the combo 's for about $ _num_ each .
great food !
best chinese restaurant in casa grande .
new york style .
good service , nice staff , reasonable prices !
it was actually spicy .
most places say that , but here , it 's true !
the food was delicious and hot .
but still kept the quality of the food .
as usual , wonderfully crafted .
the friendly cultural environment make this place great for dine-in or take-out .
great food !
we found it !
this restaurant was really clean , with a great food selection .
good lunch specials .
was still very good though .
got the happy family combo and pot stickers .
food is outstanding .
outstanding food and great service every time .
orange chicken is very good and the happy family is very happy indeed .
the value is amazing , food is fresh , customer service is excellent .
great value , good price , and surprisingly authentic for a relatively small town .
everything was fresh , great quality , and good service .
thanks casa grande nails for always giving great service !
very friendly staff , both when checking in and again when checking out .
but for a quick visit , it was pleasant enough .
the front desk and all the staff was great .
courtney was very cordial and friendly .
got checked in right away .
rooms were great .
courtesy breakfast was good .
i buy balloons and cards for special events here .
cheapest place i have found and a great selection .
he loves the coloring book section here .
this place had awesome service !
they were really nice and dan did a wonderful job for my daughter !
highly recommend this place .
good service , attentive and clean .
good value .
love this place .
one of the best ribeye 's i have ever had .
good place with good prices .
good food .
and not just good for a bar but a good place to eat !
the service was great and the waitresses were all cute .
had a great time even with my wife with me .
will return often .
the service was great and the waitresses were all cute .
had a great time even with my wife with me .
will return often .
good drinks and a fun crowd .
all this and the best looking waitresses in the casa grande area .
all this and the best looking waitresses in the casa grande area .
all this and the best looking waitresses in the casa grande area .
the menu is pretty good for bar food .
everything is reasonably priced and they have happy hour and hold parties .
the waitress and bartenders are a cut above for a small town .
all this and the best looking waitresses in the casa grande area .
internet is working just fine .
very satisfying .
all this and the best looking waitresses in the casa grande area .
one of the best places in town !
everything is really good !
and the food was delicious !
definitely a place to try if your from out of town !
one of the best places in town !
great service and good food !
great for a couple drinks or any nfl game .
always delicious and fast .
if you are looking for consistent delicious food go here .
our waitress was awesome !
the food was decent , not excellent .
had a very enjoyable family dinner - _num_ total .
everything was good - onion rings were especially tasty !
great place to go watch the game and have some drinks .
the servers are super nice and it 's just a fun environment .
one of the best ones in the area .
this is the best place in town to sit down and catch a game .
they also have the best wings around .
the gold wings are amazing .
you will love it here .
the burgers are the best and the service matches the food great !
great and very spacious sports bar .
good food , good service , clean and friendly .
i stayed here at holiday inn for work .
service is great , employees are friendly .
very friendly staff .
very satisfied .
great job !
room was fresh and clean smelling and bed was very comfortable .
food great , buffet great , staff friendly , smiling , and competent .
still highly recommend it , for value , comfort , and convenience .
i really recommend the hotel and appreciate the service .
the lunch prices are great for a sit-down .
it was very good , service good , both quality and quantity ... buffet .
she had a great attitude for working the holiday that was very appreciated !
the bartenders here are some of the best that i 've seen .
specifically stacey and jonathan are great !
they provide fast , accurate service , and a great atmosphere .
they have great personalities and are fun to be around .
service was very good and food delicious .
thanks , stacey .
excellent customer service !
i was extremely pleased .
the store manager donald was amazing !
donald was incredibly helpful .
he was very honest and compassionate .
perfect situation to be taken advantage of .
instead , gabe took good care of us .
very impressive and highly recommended .
great place for breakfast .
and lots of laughing gas helped .
dentist was great too .
explained everything and made sure i was comfortable throughout entire procedure .
support a local business and eat your sushi and chinese here .
the owners were always nice and i have pleasant memories .
good lunch menu .
my dad loves sushi .
i enjoyed the shrimp and lobster rolls .
go , you 'll enjoy the sushi .
i love the food and the sushi is great always fresh .
best sushi in casa grande !
sushi always good and service quick and friendly !
great , fresh sushi for a reasonable price .
oh my , the seafood spicy noodle soup is soooo good .
very good service and food was excellent .
will definitely be returning .
nice little restaurant with pretty good ambiance .
this is definitely one of my favorite places to eat in casa grande !
i absolutely love the oyster on a half shell .
staff are very friendly .
good meal , good food .
very good wait staff .
the sushi was good and will satisfy my sushi cravings .
great food overall .
iced green tea was delicious too .
we love the spicy spicy roll & the miso soup .
i recommend everyone try it out !
best sushi found between phoenix and tucson .
friendly staff , quick service and not over priced .
i have found the small animal clinic friendly and caring .
in fact this is one of the best i have ever used .
took one of my dogs here very friendly and courteous staff !
the dog is always more expensive than the cat .
everytime we go there everyone is very friendly and helpful .
they have very good pizza and fast delivery .
great price and great service .
the bathrooms are a nice size too .
i would definitely recommend this hotel to everybody .
very clean , nice location friendly staff .
definitely be coming back to visit my son at college and will stay here .
have stayed here twice and have found staff to be friendly and helpful .
rooms are clean and comfortable .
breakfast room is clean and there is an expanded continental breakfast .
great prices especially with aaa discount .
i would recommend it .
very fast and reliable .
did you know they have happy hour ?
quick stop for a cool treat !
so cool !
woot woot !
it 's essential in this heat !
i give them _num_ stars .
great customer service .
great price as well .
they were fast , honest and reliable .
shawn took great care of my vehicle and was very professional !
great company !
excellent food , super friendly owner and staff .
wonderful place to eat .
everyone at our table was well satisfied with their order .
what a great find this was .
it 's very cute inside and out .
the food was excellent !
this is a great restaurant .
it was one of the best we have ever eaten .
( in the cooler months ) great food !
friends and i just had lunch there today for the first time .
the fries were perfect too .
what an adorable place - we all just loved it .
a real gem in casa grande !
this place is great !
the quesadilla is amazing and everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed all their food .
the owner is awesome !
good food .
the cactus garden and museum on premises is a must to view !
family owned and operated with pride .
owner greets customers and is very cordial .
i like the local spots and this is as local as it gets .
the owner met us at the door and sat us .
the steak salad was really good and was huge .
the atmosphere is relaxed southwestern .
a good place for groups .
the lunch and service were excellent .
wow !
our waiter was very attentive and loved working there .
really nice fancy restaurant .
really good service .
tremendous atmosphere , food and service .
definitely a five star .
the food was amazing !
if you want something a cut above , this is your place !
the food was good and portions were great .
family owned it seemed and the service was excellent .
what a fun find while in casa grande !
our server , jon , was gracious and very attentive .
excellent food and a great atmosphere .
the food was amazing and the service superb .
i recommend a reservation for dinner though .
the cactus garden had the perfect setup .
the food was awesome and everyone enjoyed it .
this was the best meal i have ever eaten .
we love the atmosphere and the food .
this will be our favorite restaurant forever .
i discovered this place while i was in town on a business trip .
the food was excellent the atmosphere great and the service was also great .
one of my favorite places for a delicious dinner or lunch .
we go here for most special occasions , the ambience is perfect .
i usually order the prime rib it 's always so good !
the very best food service and price just right .
what a wonderful experience .
server ( owners daughter ) was excellent .
everything we 've eaten has been great and service is excellent .
we had great service here .
the food was good too .
our server was very prompt and friendly .
by far the most interesting place to eat in casa grande .
wonderful atmosphere , great food and exceptional service .
really an awesome restaurant !
our server john was very attentive .
delicious !
great food !
what a surprise we were in for !
they did a great job and we will be back !
food is great !
i come here at least once or twice a month !
clean and friendly service .
this particular denny 's is great !
have been here twice to and from tucson and have always had wonderful service .
quick food , frequent check backs !
angie is the best !
i was driving past the lot and decided to stop in .
yes , i will keep coming back .
it is fantastic .
the food is delicious and inexpensive .
viva bean burrito enchilada style !
this is the best mexican food in casa grande .
you will love it !
the first love of my life !
it will rock your world !
the best mexican food that ever was !
love the owners .
excellent food and fast .
i also love the crunchy tacos and chicken enchiladas .
the guy is so nice when i go .
always cutting up .
very authentic mexican food !
both are fantastic !
it was good !
green chili cheeses crisp , bean burrito enchilada style so good !
pretty good food descent for casa grande !
this place is my favorite place for mexican food in casa grande .
salsa is spot on .
a little pricey but still worth it .
everything is so good especially the tacos !
the beans and rice are great .
love the dive atmosphere .
the best mexican food restaurant in town !
the beans are the best beans i have ever had in my life .
everything is so good .
i 've been coming here my whole life .
chicken burritos enchilada style are amazing .
full of real shredded chicken .
the salsa makes it even better .
my favorite place for burritos .
plus , they treat you like family .
the barbers are fast , friendly , and very talented .
i enjoyed my haircut and for only _num_ dollars !
great thin crust pizza !
it 's definitely is an old school sports bar .
good sauce and toppings .
it 's actually pretty darn good !
casa grande i salute you !
what a great pizza & beer joint !
go there ... ... and feast !
i really love the pizza here .
lots of families with kids go there .
decent spot for pizza and beer .
hometown feel .
best wings ever !
pizza is pretty amazing too .
awesome !
it 's simple and i think is a good judge of the establishment .
order a pepperoni , garlic and onion pizza here and be happy .
so delicious .
really good pizza and excellent service .
highly recommend the chad 's special .
they have good wings & other bar foods too that are good .
the pizza burger is pretty good .
it 's still great !
brought the whole family this time around !
will definitely go back .
this is a gem in this area .
love this place .
good location and overall very clean and friendly .
when i went to the auto care center everyone was fantastic .
so i will definitely go back !
it was an excellent job , especially for the money .
they do an amazing job every time .
wash n roll do a great job at a fair price .
took it in today , an i am very pleased with the outcome .
they did a beautiful job of cleaning and waxing .
i will continue to use them and recommend their services !
they do an excellent job of washing your car and are very friendly .
i have been here twice and both times i have been very satisfied .
a very pleasant experience .
but the wait is well worth it considering my car looks new again .
the staff has always been friendly and the service is great !
i love my doctor .
she takes time to talk with you and explain what your conditions are .
and she 's good at not making you feel uncomfortable asking silly questions .
i feel like i 'm in great hands , with her .
the staff is pleasant .
what really matters : beans , tortillas , hot sauce .
they 've got them and they 're really good !
this restaurant has good personality .
the booths are super comfy .
definitely support this place !
this little mexican restaurant is a favorite of the locals .
service is always friendly fast and professional .
the food is always consistent and priced right .
great place for a large group .
i love their bean burritos .
however , strangely enough , their burger is super good .
great staff and pretty good price .
love this place everything is usually always great .
this is a hometown favorite .
they are friendly , upbeat , thoughtful and always remember their customers .
the owner is one of the most amazing members of this community .
the iced tea is the best in the whole country !
first time eating in casa grande and i will definitely be back !
nice family restaurant in casa grande .
if you want great mexican .
nice servers .
i think it 's the best .
if you want good mexican with nice servers .
i think it 's the very good .
it was pretty good .
chips and salsa were good as well .
love the cheese crisp and taco salads !
we have been here a million times and enjoy it every time .
excellent food , excellent service consistently !
i grew up in casa grande and have always loved this place .
my favorite mexican food place .
also great ice tea .
fabulous food at reasonable prices .
treats customers and staff as family .
great food and great atmosphere !
good food and filling as well .
will definitely return again .
this has to be one of the best mexican restaurants ever .
delicious food , i 've been eating here all my life .
owners are great as well .
our dinner was delicious !
place is packed .
loved the food .
service was super friendly .
good rellenos !
this place is family owned and amazing !
awesome customer service from a family member himself !
i am truly one happy customer and recommend you try this place .
best green chili burros in arizona !
keep up the good work !
there 's a reason that the parking lot is always full !
great food , and super cheap .
service was fast and friendly .
i highly recommend the red chili chimi .
we love it , it 's our favorite mexican food .
this place is amazing , a casa grande favorite .
food was great , good size portions n served hot !
a good test of quality is chorizo n eggs , rice n beans .
that was my meal , it was great !
we 'll be back , one of the best places in casa grande .
this filibertos has the best green chili burros i 've had in years .
a competitor of mine , but also a great business .
i had an amazing pedicure at this location .
they look professional , and beautiful when i leave .
i will have my nails done here time and time again !
becky 's nail designs are amazing !
love nails by becky .
and kelly cuts amazing hair .
a nice place to hang out and enjoy the company .
inside it is a country bar .
they also have popcorn and peanuts and a reasonable juke box .
service was friendly .
good place to stop for a brew .
hamburgers were excellent .
service was good and the waitress was cute which is rare in this town .
it was the best steak we 've had in a long time .
they also had live music that evening which was great to have !
we also enjoyed our server bc she is definitely one hard working woman .
in general it is a great social spot to bring your friends to .
the environment is wonderful and the management is great at their jobs .
they take great pride in their business you can just tell .
their bike friendly and country to the bone with live music !
great bar !
the owners serve up great food and the service is outstanding .
job well done .
nice hometown tavern atmosphere !
stopped in for their spaghetti special and loved the loaded sauce !
great people and great food !
this is how a great local bar should be run .
food is available during limited hours , but is all outstanding .
nice patio , good service , really good burgers .
the food was delicious .
i thought i knew burritos .
i always got the delicious little tacos .
the steak was good enough that 's all it needed .
the one in casa grande and the one in arizona city are very good .
as close to authentic as a gringo like myself wants to get .
great quality , large portions , and the flavors are well balanced .
definitely a fan .
excellent .
they have _num_ different salsa for spicy and extra spicy .
this mexican food is the best in arizona !
carnitas was outstanding !
one of the best breakfast burritos i 've had in az !
we found this place with yelp !
it was soooo good .
we need one is northern , ca !
the best breakfast burritos in town .
i also liked side of hot sauce i received .
i will definitely be back !
nice people .
the price was reasonable as well .
way cool .
the staff is very friendly , professional and the service is very good .
it 's a pleasant change from the chain restaurants you find most everywhere now .
nice christmas brunch , reasonable prices , friendly , energetic staff .
service & drinks were excellent .
we ate in the lounge which was very comfortable and nicely decorated .
we will definitely go back .
both have a nice ambience , and lots of windows .
the wine selection is good , as are the menu offerings .
a very nice spread ( the dessert table was spectacular ! )
a very nice unique historical place to have a meal with friends and family .
has a nice view of the resort and the burgers are to die for !
this is a rave !
these guys are competent and honest ... what more can you ask ?
they have won my business by twice giving me excellent work at reasonable prices .
i love the happy hour specials and the friendly faces .
everything was good .
people are very nice and love football .
he is a honest man .
thank you chris .
we had breakfast , wow was it good .
the cuban sandwich is the best you can find in arizona !
the steak quesadilla is excellent also .
we have always had good service .
really good breakfast spot !
but the food is good .
everything is always cooked the way it was ordered and fresh .
this is a family owned local restaurant at it 's best .
this is the best restaurant in town for breakfast and lunch !
good home cooking !
the best chorizo and eggs i 've ever had !
the waitresses are very friendly and the service is excellent .
make sure you get a cookie , they 're the best !
what a great local place for breakfast , food was simple but prepared perfectly .
small , casual , comfy diner with a bit of an eclectic flair .
the food here is always good .
the food was good and hot and very reasonably priced .
biscuits and gravy , eggs and hashbrowns and coffee .
will be back !
i 've only been here once but it was delicious !
also their cookies are so wonderful !
great cafe .
has a great hometown feel .
went for breakfast good prices , good serving and fresh food .
loved the pancakes .
got seated right away and ordered right away .
just what we were looking for , yumm !
super cute little restaurant .
the food was very good .
staff were all very friendly .
the place is dated but it is always clean .
consistent taste and flavor for nearly a decade !
the price is very reasonable .
this one will always be my favorite dine in restaurant .
you will enjoy their authentic style mexican food .
the food is great .
it 's clean and fast too .
are their refried beans still outstanding ?
i have n't been in years but they are still my favorite .
family owned business with great food .
i would recommend this place to any one wanting authentic mexican food .
great service great food !
very clean and professional place .
efficient and thorough service .
very well organized and staff was helpful .
staff and doctor are very helpful , kind , and understanding .
nice office .
was seen in a timely manner .
very efficient and helpful .
love the bedside manner of the staff .
thank goodness i did n't read the reviews before i stopped !
polite and tables clean .
other than the nasty floor it 's a great stopping place .
appointments are easy to make and same day appointments are available , if needed .
when you 're sick , he 's aggressive in getting you well .
his office staff is very polite and easy to work with .
the receptionists are always very nice and helpful .
they are warm freindly and were very helpful when i got diagnosed with cancer .
she made sure i was in a good place .
this office is amazing !
his pa barb is outstanding !
she is very compassionate and highly capable .
they will take care of you !
this place is awesome .
they are the best !
this place is amazing .
great selection and also a lot of rare finds .
customer service was great !
signed up for my membership and everything !
how cool is that !
it 's just awesome to find another local shop to shop at !
best video store hands down .
this place is awesome !
great selection of old & new movies .
all around great store !
everyone that works there is super helpful & knowledgeable .
great video store with a huge selection and a helpful and friendly staff .
this video store rocks !
a new year , it 's still here , and my reviews still stands .
everyone who works here is friendly and helpful too .
i 'm a huge fan of video paradise !
absolute best movie rental store i 've been to in the phoenix metro area !
all the employees here are polite , helpful and even funny and entertaining !
love all the people there .
very good deal !
this place is amazing .
also the staff is so great .
all of them are there own person and give great video recommendations .
best mom and pop place around .
there 's so many titles to choose from , old and new !
love it !
you never know what gem you may find .
the staff is friendly and knowledgable .
you would always find something new to watch .
the legacy will forever be remembered in our hearts .
thanks for all your help guys !
they are very professional , reasonably priced and on-time !
great service and skill every time i 've been in there .
this place is awesome .
he was excellent !
he was extremely friendly .
rich did n't hesitate to come to our rescue !
he arrived right on time and took the time to take care of us .
would highly recommend this company and rich !
good service !
he also charged me a fair price .
extremely knowledgeable and helpful .
they were professional and timely .
good sales , good delivery .
property managers who need hard to find keys , this is a great resource .
thank you for the great service !
professional , efficient , affordable key and lock service .
thank you !
the neighborhood around the complex is very quiet and safe .
definitely recommend this to anyone looking for an apartment .
i love this apartment !
the staff is incredible .
i have loved living here .
the floor plan is spacious and open .
i love how the interior is painted .
the community is quiet and very very clean !
i highly recommend this complex .
i know that they are very busy but always so nice .
it has only been one month but i am very happy .
thank you !
outback is always a great place to be !
enjoy the atmosphere and the fantastic steaks while sipping your favorite cocktail .
the wait staff is very polite and helpful .
over all a great experience !
and that 's with our drinks .
great place awesome service !
quite good !
it 's always been delicious and still piping hot when we take it home .
i recommend this location because they are fantastic and provide excellent service .
great food !
steak was perfectly done !
and awesome service !
fantastic service , fantastic food .
i 'm newly _num_ and he suggested a wonderful drink for me .
since they do n't do military discount , we got a free dessert instead .
absolutely wonderful !
definitely suggest going here !
great service and now open at _num_ o'clock .
the food is always great and the bartenders to try keep us with drinks .
recently went here with my grandparents and had great service and delicious food !
everything was tasted great and the staff was extremely friendly .
i sat at the bar and had great service .
matt j and rod were the best at the bar .
best steak at a house .
right on top of it .
even the ice cream was good to go .
had steak n lobster special .
it was good .
very helpful with gluten free options .
our waitress was very pleasant , the food was amazing !
the atmosphere was nice too !
this outback does it right !
the chopped blue cheese salad was fresh as well as my veggies !
service was quick and the girl super friendly !
i will continue to drive out of my way for better food and service !
kudos this outback !
was amazing !
our drinks were a tad watered down but our service was excellent .
best food , drinks , and service around .
the staff is attentive and very genuine .
this is my favorite yoga studio of the valley .
worth the drive down to chandler .
the teachers here are fantastic and down to earth .
i prefer the atmosphere of this studio to at one .
all the teachers are great , but kat is my favorite .
i went to a 7am heated class with josh .
i took my first class at inner vision the other day .
i enjoyed marina and will be going back .
i managed to make it a priority for the _num_ months before i moved .
very sweet people .
my favorite thing about inner vision is certainly their variety , though .
my daughter loves to come to the kids classes and with me sometimes .
i like both locations .
overall , i highly recommend .
enjoyed the class i took here .
competent and educated teachers .
my yoga has improved greatly since taking classes at inner vision .
wide range of classes , something for everyone .
this studio has it all !
it 's the best yoga studio i 've ever been to .
they love being teachers .
i love this place .
the instructors are wonderful .
every class is different which makes it fun .
a physical or emotional or a spiritual lift .
love this place .
the have a great new members deal when you sign up .
otherwise amazing !
it is expensive but it is definitely worth it .
great instructors , great classes - variety and healing .
they have it all in a comfortable , warm environment .
it is by far the best gift i have ever given myself .
i am happy with living here !
have a great view , and very pet friendly .
been here _num_ months and love it !
the on-site dog park is awesome and kept fairly clean !
the rest of the grounds are always kept really nice as well !
i love this area .
i feel extremely safe .
it 's quiet , pleasant , and everyone is helpful .
we absolutely love living here .
right after we moved into our apartment the washer went out .
then we found a new basket full of goodies at our door .
we love it here .
quiet , gated community .
it 's beautiful , accommodating , and again excellent customer service !
this place definitely makes it a home .
i love living here .
on-site dog park is super convenient .
i live here and this place is top notch !
they 've patiently helped us from day one .
they are professional , kind and responsive .
by far the best apartment i have ever lived in .
all of the amenities are impeccable and very well maintained .
the community is very kid friendly , but also quiet .
overall , i would recommend this apartment complex to anyone .
she works fast , knows her stuff and is very reasonably priced .
kathy was amazing .
she did a wonderful job with my wedding dress .
she is experienced , reasonably priced and super nice .
excellent pizza ; decent wines ( esp .
nice , friendly wait staff .
i think the quality is great ... .
and the atmosphere is pretty cool too .
overall , i like this one a lot !
they make wonderful pies , i take out from here once a week .
the crust is thin , but sweet and chewy .
best pizza i have ever had .
the pepperoni , tomato and olive is incredible .
now this is good pizza !
sounds interesting , i bet it 's awesome .
highly recommend this place !
but who cares when the food is so good !
best pizza in the valley !
good service .
nice selection of wine and beer .
both were delicious and worth eating again .
but , it was so good that i 'd go back .
the crust is light and very tasty .
the margherita is simple and allows the crust to shine .
one of the better spots to eat in that part of town .
great local pizza .
it 's always good .
definitely recommend it !
great food .
homemade quality .
love this pizza !
so good !
love having this place right down the street from my house .
omg it was so good .
lots of cheese , good quality mozzarella too .
artichoke hearts were extra , but well worth it .
good service , good menu options , good wine and beer choices .
check it out , totally worth it .
always fresh ingredients .
crispy and tasty crust .
their crust is one of the best and they cook it to perfection .
waitstaff is always helpful and polite .
great pizza !
really , really good .
this place rocks , our new pizza place .
friendly , casual atmosphere with very tasty pizza .
huge variety of toppings and an excellent olive oil base .
salads are huge and fresh .
this is our go-to neighborhood pizza place .
good wine and beer list .
food is so worth it , though .
fantastic pizza .
great crust , perhaps the best in town .
i personally award them best pizza of ahwatukee .
it 's unreal !
the mozzarella and bacon are awesome but the vinaigrette dressing is the best part .
please move to gilbert !
the dough is made fresh daily , along with the daily made mozzarella .
they taste great _num_ minutes later , but are amazing straight from the oven .
ciao bella !
the pesto pizza is my favorite - it 's a must try !
best pizza in the area !
it costs more but is worth it !
staff friendly .
a good neighborhood pizza restaurant with traditional and specialty versions available .
love the combo , which comes with great fresh ingredients .
the greek salad is a great accompaniment with its homemade balsamic vinaigrette .
always receive excellent service .
pizza 's are amazing there .
the toppings are generous .
good spot , good food , good atmosphere.
best pizza in phoenix !
wine selection : out of this world and great prices !
love this place !
it was really good .
without a doubt my favorite pizza place !
consistent and high quality .
their pizza sauce and crust is sweet and unique from all others .
salads are fresh and in generous portions - fresh mozzarella is excellent .
solid beer selection to boot .
service was pretty good as well and we closed it down at 9pm .
great pizza but the people who work there are extremely unprofessional .
service is terrific , salads are nicely done and the price is just right .
always good stuff .
easily the best pizza i 've had in the valley .
how anyone could ever give flo 's less than _num_ stars is beyond me .
this is such a hidden ahwatukee gem !
we love this place .
prices are good and ridiculously good for salads .
great pizza and drinks right in my backyard .
the pizza was amazing !
the draft selection is pretty good and wine .
i will definitely add this to my new favorite spot in my area .
the wait staff was also very timely and helpful .
best pizza in ahwatukee hands down .
great pizza , great service , nice ambiance .
this by far was the best pizza i have ever had !
will definately come back .
very accommodating , great service .
great service , great food and a relaxing atmosphere .
they have great pizza !
the service is great !
an ahwatukee favorite for locals and visitors !
calzones , salads and nice draft beer selection !
the pizza on the other hand , was incredible .
best pizza i 've ever eaten .
miss you my favorite ever pizza place !
the crust is the best in town .
sooooo delicious .
the service is reliable and friendly .
incredible .
fresh ingredients .
incredible crust .
incredible sauce .
incredible dessert .
best neighborhood pizza spot !
great salads , pizzas and dessert .
this is our favorite pizza place .
the toppings are just right and the crust is delicious !
one of the best pizza places in the valley .
this is a great pizza place .
the atmosphere is comfortable and the pizza is delicious .
it was perfect .
makes you feel so welcomed each and every time .
servers ever .
we bring family , friends and have gatherings here whenever we can .
i discovered this place through a friend who is a regular .
as always the pizza and service is excellent .
seriously some of the best pizza in the metro phoenix area .
service was great and the food even better .
they were great .
it was awesome !
great local restaurant .
food is excellent and service is good as well .
one of the best pizza places in the valley .
everything we have had here is superb !
so good .
yeah i 'm a fan .
thanks yelp ... you did me right ... again !
expensive yes , delicious yes .
phoenix since i moved here in may .
soooooo good !
definitely going back !
this place is great .
the sausage with ricotta hit the spot after a long day at work .
great service , great pizza , great night !
we loved the pizza and beer and plan to return as frequently as possible !
the pizza and garlic bread was delicious here and the price is unbeatable !
great pizza .
great spinach salad , with fantastic dressing .
love love love this restaurant .
enjoy !
this has become one of our favorite places to eat in ahwatukee !
service and food are terrific !
our waitress , jasmine , was probably the best waitress we have ever had .
thank you so much for a wonderful dinner out .
eaten here many times , really like their pizza !
owner is very friendly and welcoming .
best pizza ever !
baked to perfection , excellent service and great environment !
this is one of my favorite pizza places in phoenix !
update : happy to see they added a separate counter for to go orders !
great pizza .
very crowded around lunch hour .
best pizza joint in the east valley for sure .
the y also had salads , and a small bar area .
good price for what you get .
cooked in a real stone oven .
having an nypd pie fresh from the oven ... ... heaven !
we ordered the house special with pepperoni , sausage and fresh basil .
i only give it four stars due to ok service .
once seated our server took good care of us !
did i mention that the pizza was really good ?
great for take out and even better for grabbing a slice at lunch .
it 's the perfect meal .
always great pizza & garlic knots , always a great price .
my favorite pizza place .
the best cake i have ever had in my entire life .
this place is just that good .
good pizzas , too .
nypd makes a good pizza .
this is great pizza !
once we sat down , the server was very nice .
the brooklyn family pizza was so delicious !
you will be impressed i am sure .
not the absolute best italian food , but pretty darn good .
all the dishes are huge -- definitely big enough to share !
great take out food !
food is always amazing .
garlic knots are my favorite .
the sandwiches are good .
baked ziti is still as delicious as ever .
nypd has also added and expanded delivery since my last review .
a much better deal than any sub or chicken place that is for sure !
highly highly recommended !
anyways , this place is great .
their pizzas are always delicious , fresh , and hot from the oven !
love it .
the garlic knots are truly the best .
the atmosphere is super cute .
thanks for the invite and the food was better !
they make a decent white pie with spinach .
was here last night with the family .
service was great as always .
they also have tasty wings and garlic knots .
very highly recommended if you want a good quality pizza .
they use fresh ingredients and it shows in the flavor of the pizza .
my new favorite pizza place .
very good .
also tried the wings and i thought they were good .
will definitely keep going back .
like my other review , i still love the garlic knots .
and the bruschetta as an app was very good also !
the appetizers are n't that great , but the pizza is very good .
my favorite pizza place i 've ever eaten at !
nypd pizza is highly recommended .
everything was excellent .
will definitely be back soon !
monday and tuesday have great specials !
i love nypd !
i 've been to multiple locations and the food is always consistently good .
crispy crust , excellent toppings and tremendous flavor .
keep it up !
finally - awesome pizza in chandler !
lasagna and vodka penne also really good .
the pizza was great !
thanks for the speedy service morgan !
staff friendly and helpful .
we love coming here when we are in town .
it was so good .
loved the sliced sausage on my pizza , never had that style before .
the salad was great .
i would recommend going and giving it a try .
this is my new favorite place .
hubby and i came in for dinner .
we ordered the fried zucchini ... best i 've had .
will be back !
delicious pizza and spaghetti and meatballs !
their dessert pizza is delicious too !
to my surprise we had a great dinner and excellent service .
we will definitely be coming back again !
garlic cheese knots and fresh mozzarella were amazing !
i will be back !
excellent excellent pizza .
very nice bar with great selection of craft beers and good wine .
nice comfortable place .
nice employees , well trained and knowledgeable .
family owned .
by far the best pizza in this part of valley .
food was tasty as always .
this time , the service was much improved .
the food was over exceptional quality and was presented in a timely manner .
awesome atmosphere and service .
also , the pizza is truly something special .
definitely recommend !
hands down , best delivery pizza in town .
nypd did a decent job of making sure the pizza was flavorful .
the location delivers and offers online ordering .
nyc pizza is fantastic but this az restaurant challenges it !
it is consistently delicious , which can be hard to come by !
check it out !
one visit was great , and another visit was abysmal .
the timing was even respectable , which is amazing for a pizza place .
thank you nypd for restoring my faith in you .
food was very good .
like a warm hug from mom .
excellent service , friendly people , price is right , want new york food ?
to `` burn it '' or cook it until it 's well done .
it was amazing .
glad i moved to chandler .
my favorite lunch spot in the area !
nypd is the best affordable pizza i 've found in arizona .
plus the staff is friendly and welcoming .
melissa you rock and my family loves you !
the wings are good and the pizza is nice .
the chandler nypd pizza is one of our favorite going out to eat spots .
the service is excellent , the servers treat you very well .
the food is always top notch .
i definitely recommend this eatery .
online ordering is easy and has gone smoothly .
prices are a little higher than some places but it 's worth it .
absolutely top notch .
this place is my favorite .
i love the pizza and the garlic knots .
best pizza ever .
my family are new to az and wanted to check this place out .
waitress came over and we placed our order .
regardless they were still very good .
the pizza was really tasty and definitely tasted like fresh ingredients .
this was still a good place and will be back .
best pizza in town and excellent service .
the kids like it a lot , which helps it quite a bit .
really addictive .
good food , waiter was great .
great pizza as always , awesome service from james !
best waiter so far .
he 's right on it , never had to ask for anything .
service was the best i have had eating out .
my drink never got empty and the food was amazing !
i know a good pie .
this is the best pizza .
mat the manager has made a good staff here .
i give this place my highest rating .
this place is still awesome !
our server james was great and the food came out pretty quick .
nypd still has the best garlic cheese knots .
keep it up guys !
best pizza we have found in the valley and great deals for kids .
i love this restaurant .
their pizza is awesome and their service is great .
this is a well managed , clean restaurant .
recommended for casual lunches or dinners .
we add a greek salad and we get a full delicious dinner .
the use fresh basil , i love that !
pizza is ok but their lasagna is what makes this place great .
the lasagna 's fresh ingredients and baked when ordered make it a must try .
consistently great pizza , good service and friendly staff .
everything was so yummy !
we will definitely go back !
fantastic place to hang !
i love their food !
thanks guys for making our dinners great !
highly recommend them .
one of the best chinese restaurants in arizona .
their potstickers and lo mein are excellent .
they deliver to a large area and are very quick .
definitely my favorite chinese place in the valley so far .
reasonably priced , friendly people , excellent food with which they are very generous .
awesome !
this is a great new york style chinese take out place .
i recommend it .
the spicy dumplings are a must try .
beef lo mein was good .
the staff was really nice and even gave us a few free drinks !
one word ... fantastic .
great flavor , great size portions and great prices .
the general tso 's chicken was excellent .
good sized portions and affordable prices too !
prices were great !
great food and reasonable prices .
but the food ... possibly the best chinese food in chandler !
two of my favorites .
the chicken with string beans and fresh ginger is really good .
i 'm a true new yorker .
this is a take-out spot .
try this spot .
i promise it 's great !
i have eaten here for years and i love their orange chicken !
their portions are incredible and their prices are great .
we love red dragon !
the food is definitely worth it .
the best pork & broccoli in town .
first time eating food from this place .
my daughter and i loved it !
delivery time and service was outstanding !
highly recommend order from this place .
red dragon is probably my favorite quick chinese food in town .
this place has the best boneless ribs and the sesame chicken .
very friendly and clean .
food was delicious !
wonton soup was delicious as well .
i love red dragon and have been coming here about _num_ years .
they have great lunch specials too ( every day of the week ) .
i highly recommend !
this is my go-to chinese spot .
good size portions , delicious food .
my whole family really liked it all !
i think we have found our new go to spot for chinese takeout .
they 're prompt , the food is always hot and good .
definitely recommend .
service is always fast for delivery and the food is yummy !
overall good price and friendly staff .
nice little place .
incredible tasting and great service and the prices are good .
the serving size is great .
price ?
we go every few weeks and will keep going !
i will keep coming back .
easily my favorite chinese restaurant around .
otherwise it was really good .
i love this place .
it 's also super authentic , which i appreciate .
they got me a new one at a very fair rate .
the service was very friendly and timely .
i recommended greg 's to my girlfriend and her daughter .
their prices are fair and they 're very competent .
i 'm a very satisfied customer .
overall i am a happy customer !
i am happy and impressed .
will be recommending this place to family and friends .
they are friendly and efficient .
their prices are very fair and i totally trust their service .
nothing but the best from greg 's !
i have recommend to friends and family .
the cheesecake is also wonderful .
imagine my surprise , when i found an authentic ny italian restaurant in chandler .
the food was wonderful !
excellent food at great prices !
i love this place .
great neighborhood restaraunt .
portions are huge , so we always have leftovers the next day !
i 've taken a few other new people here and they all liked it .
it was all delicious !
the pizza is delicious and the rice balls are to die for !
simply good food .
authentic ny style pizza .
great tasting food .
friendly service .
the meatballs were delicious and the portion size more than adequate for two servings .
the stromboli was large and delicious .
it is family owned and operated .
it looks delicious .
love love love love love this place !
great pizza , great people .
their eggplant parm is amazing and very tasty .
it definitely beats out any chain pizza we have had around here .
definitely go for something higher on the heat scale if you want any spice .
great food .
this is our friday night fun and we have never been disappointed .
what i really liked was the calamari .
delicious !
excellent pizza and entrees .
friendly service .
i can describe it in one word -- great !
the aroma , friendliness and outstanding food keeps me coming back .
it 's worth the trip !
pizza is outstanding , pasta dishes are superb .
very extensive and real value at $ _num_ !
give it a try !
a great meal .
they sometimes get busy but that 's because they are so good .
it still seems like the same family operated business , which is good .
i still love the pizza .
the garlic roll was excellent .
good food , i will go back there for my pizza cravings .
amazing pizza .
prices are wonderful too .
seriously you need to go !
very affordable and efficient !
he fixed my chip and even guaranteed his work !
it is nice to find an honest and reliable business these days !
bob was very nice and professional .
i am very happy with his work .
definitely recommend !
fast and friendly .
it seems there is always a crowd outside angel sweet .
if you are even remotely in the area , give angel sweet a try !
i love it .
this is the best .
definitely a must-try !
gelato is the best icecream out there .
yeah , go figure .
the owner of the shop was very nice and friendly .
the store is pretty cute too and had comfortable seating to enjoy your gelato .
i had a lot of fun with that .
pretty big .
angel sweet was what popped up .
that rocks .
yummy gelato .
good choice of flavors .
tiramisu is very good .
decent value .
wow i really love the taste of this place .
cute inside too !
it was amazing !
careful !
angel sweet is the best gelato this side of italy .
delicious !
perfect on a hot day .
good stuff .
watermelon gelato is tasty .
good stuff .
well , now its time to compare the italian dessert .
this is true gelato !
the daytime dude is friendly and helpful .
smooth & silky , best gelato i 've had ... well ... ever !
it was very good .
the price is very reasonable compared to the large size of gelato you get .
if you are avoiding dairy , this is the dessert spot for you !
just go to angel sweet .
it is quality stuff .
you will find that even the ones that sound weird are actually good .
i have had gelato in italy and this place is better !
the flavors are very consistent .
this is the best gelato i have had .
small place , but quality is great .
creamy and smooth and something that i wish i could eat every day .
we may be seeing angel sweet at our next party !
awesome !
large servings and delicious !
best gelato in town .
i love gelato .
gelato made from scratch is even better .
i got to try quite a few flavors and they were all amazing .
delicious !
another local treat !
so so delicious !
the texture was spot on and the flavors were bold and fresh .
friendly service and clean establishment .
i also love the fact there are dairy free options .
awesome !
really great experience and i 'm sure i 'll return .
this is the best gelato i 've ever tasted .
it 's fresh and creamy , and the prices are reasonable .
plus their service is great .
good job guys !
the meat shop in the back offers some good selections for you .
i would only recommend it for take out food .
i had awesome experience here .
i love my haircut and color .
love it !
she was lots of fun and professional .
the color is perfect every time , no more gray here .
she is always on time for her appointments and never has me waiting .
my hair looks awesome !
she is so nice , professional , and talented !
thank you !
nice neighborhood nail salon .
they do a great job on mani 's , pedi 's and nail art .
i love trish !
she is amazing at waxing and pedicures !
she truly does take her time and wants you to look beautiful !
love you trish !
i love these ladies .
i care about service and skill and i get both of these every time .
trish is my favorite !
they 've just remodeled and looks really good .
nice , bright and clean .
i recommend this salon to everyone that i know and they are never disappointed .
i love this place !
i was quite impressed .
she was talkative and quite pleasant .
the facility was very clean .
everyone here is great !
clean facilities and great massage chairs for the pedi 's .
broad color selection and their great with designs on all nails too .
best place to get a pedicure - hands down !
glad i did because i had a terrific pedi and shellac manicure !
loved this place .
they do an excellent job and have the nicest girls !
we had denise and anna , love them !
her technique is unique and she is a perfectionist !
extensions can be pricey at first but well worth the investment !
go see nancy and let her work her magic !
love this place !
they are the most detail oriented nail salon i have been to .
their flowers and designs are fantastic !
very happy !
everyone was nice and engaging the whole time .
the salon is exceptionally clean and everyone that works there is really good .
nancy is very creative and on point with nails .
anna gives great foot massages with her pedicures .
i always feel very welcome when i walk in .
i highly recommend coming here !
i love this place .
clean , professional , and good quality products .
my nail tech did an amazing job !
i would definitely recommend this place .
i ended up picking a different color than she suggested and we began .
she told me to let her try her idea and i loved it .
best nail salon ever !
definitely recommend !
very high quality service .
i loved the decor .
the nail techs are friendly .
and their massage chairs are awesome !
great nail place with super friendly staff !
great place and price for the area if you are nearby !
and they are very skilled at nail art !
i will be back many more times !
i go to stephanie , she 's the best !
i went here for the first time a week ago and was so impressed !
i was highly impressed & will be a new regular !
loved this place !
this nail shop looks very nice , never seen anything like it .
we enjoy coming here .
the workers are very skilled and polite .
the nail salon was clean , and some of the ladies were nice .
this place is wonderful .
others have done a good job with pedicures .
you always feel fresh and ready !
i get so many compliments and have referred many people that love it !
this place is the best .
staff always friendly .
i always take my wife here when we are in town .
my wife loves the service along with atmosphere .
my experience was very good .
i would definetly refer the salon to my friends and family !
first time here and had great friendly service .
super clean and cute .
definitely will be coming back .
they take their time and make sure you leave with a good cut .
worth every penny .
i will continue to give them my business .
hands-down best haircut i 've ever gotten .
definitely deserves more attention .
the best barber shop ever !
service is amazing !
she was extremely professional and the best .
if you 're in this area , this is the place !
very friendly , remembered me by name the next time i came in .
very knowledge and can help you figure out parts you may need .
i recommend this store and bianca if you need pool supplies .
always full when i walk in but they are working fast to service people .
best oral surgeon ever !
fish is the best , you will not find a better surgeon .
fish is a gifted surgeon and knowledgeable in the latest technology .
he also is a kind man .
he works hard and truly cares for his patients .
he has worked on me and my children .
he is highly recommended .
everyone in the office were so amazingly kind from beginning to end .
front desk were great .
doctor was great .
amazing doctor and staff .
great bed side manner , lots of experience and truly loves what he does .
i highly recommend him !
fish knows what is he doing and does it exceptionally well .
he is honest and i trust him completely .
dr fish is very professional ... his staff ?
great practice .
he does large number of these every year and is very good at them .
sometimes you get a great deal when you come in the right time !
there was a great selection of glasses to choose from .
the salesperson was very knowledgeable and friendly .
great customer service .
will come here again !
kudos my friend , it 's refreshing to see such a personality in management .
recommended .
i had an extremely great experience at this store .
i would recommend this store location to anyone .
friendly and efficient staff !
very pleased with both product and service !
great service !
they will install your battery !
great job and thanks daniel !
very friendly , helpful group of guys in here !
will be back !
i found exactly what i needed in a timely manner .
all in all , a good experience and they had exactly what i needed .
thanks for the comfort and help guys !
she was very sympathetic and gentle as she took him away .
i left that day very happy with the entire team .
: ) the office also called several times to check up on everything .
great place .
a bit expensive ... but you 're getting quality service .
they 've really done a phenomenal job with our dog .
we sure will keep them in mind for any other vet needs .
our puppy is now doing very well thanks to her help .
in fact we found everyone at the clinic to be very caring .
she is fantastic .
her concern for animals is amazing .
she offers suggestions for home care .
the staff really care about the owner 's concerns and their animals needs .
they took my concerns and treated him gently and with extra care .
found our new vet !
the entire staff is wonderful .
we believe their fast response and excellent care saved our dogs life .
the staff was very reassuring to me and extremely helpful .
all the workers there are wonderful .
they made me feel welcomed and appreciate me as a client .
erin is my primary therapist but everyone helps you .
bobby , jennifer and steve helped me also .
i would highly recommend this place .
the whole staff here are amazing !
we really love this center !
this has got to be the most reasonably priced day care in the area .
the staff and the director were always very welcoming .
the staff was very caring and attentive with the children .
i see the same level of caring in each class .
i love dana and her staff .
the staff is so caring and dedicated .
their teacher mrs jessica is absolutely amazing .
i love this center .
took the kids and had a great time .
staff was very friendly .
great chandler pool with caring and energetic instructors .
folks are nice and they do a good job .
worth the wait if they 're a little busy .
judy does a great job .
i always wait for her and love the result .
i ' will continue to go see judy .
she took her time and he very much appreciated it !
she 's great !
this place is awesome !
larry and judy are great people .
it 's incredible !
their drive thru is always backed up .
food is ok , employees friendly .
my wife loves taco bell .
the employees at this location are super duper friendly .
like , really friendly .
good job , tim & really thank you for getting on top of this .
good job , tim & really thank you for getting on top of this .
i love this place .
the customer service was impeccable , they really knew what they were talking about .
i would recommend all of my friends and co-workers to refill their ink here .
love the customer service at this facility .
would definitely recommend this place to anyone !
these folks are so knowledgeable , and so very nice .
this is customer service at its best .
i will be coming here for all my office needs in the future !
thanks jeff !
i 'm very happy with the results .
highly recommended .
got the job done !
my car looks great and i appreciate the extra care taken for my schedule .
thank you so much , everyone !
great car wash convenient to chandler .
clean and affordable .
thanks .
great way to have fun , practice , and learn new stuff .
very nice floor and great local dance crowd .
great place to start getting into dancing !
sooo fun !
two great saturday night dances !
great mix of country and swing music !
i love this dance studio !
lots of nail polish selection .
love it .
awesome .
awesome place !
i went to hollywood beauty supply because it came highly recommended .
always a good breakfast .
new drinks and desserts are a plus .
keep it up , bk ; great positive changes !
i trust the dentists here and i feel like they actually care about me .
i had a wonderful experience .
the staff and office manager were very professional .
thank you for fixing my teeth !
absolutely loved this dentist !
enjoyed having him for my dentist as well .
all the staff here are great and i am a happy patient .
wonderful experience !
highly recommend them !
doctor land was incredible and his assistant juan did a great job .
always great service .
very happy with the vip wash !
i will definately be back & will recommend to family & friends .
thumbs up to the new manager !
great place to get ur car washed .
great friendly people .
best of all a clean car !
he took a while to clean my car but it was well worth it .
i will return where my truck is truly taken care of correctly !
i recommend full circle in chandler to anyone !
thanks guys , see you soon !
anyways , it 's a great , quick , basic wash .
absolutely !
their work and customer service is simply the best and outstanding .
best car wash in town , hands down !
keep up the good work !
still they took their time and did it right .
thank you so much !
great environment !
her office is the first i have actually recommended to others .
amazing !
from the moment you walk in they make you feel comfortable .
this one fits great and i had very little discomfort afterwards .
always a wonderful experience .
love everyone there .
i definitely recommend her .
i just started personal training today and the trainer , lance , is great !
so la fitness i think its great .
you can see the passion they display in each workout !
his class alone is worth the monthly rate !
ive really enjoyed this gym so far .
good hours , solid location .
that 's some major dedication .
love it !
good solid denny 's .
thanks for taking great care of me .
classic .
the `` fit fare '' skillet i had was very filling and tasted great .
upgrade an extra star !
this place is deserving of five stars for one reason .
the `` new !
third shift staff is friendly and professional .
refreshing _num_ 's theme .
clean , good service and great food .
the best was on main st. mesa .
feel funny leaving five stars , but the place is clean .
i ordered the senior waffle , one egg , and bacon .
the food and service is usually good , dependable , and reliable .
the servers are courteous and friendly .
overall , we have an enjoyable experience .
we will definitely visit this restaurant again !
the staff clearly has regulars and they are so pleasant to each patron !
thank you !
love this denny 's location .
best pancakes .
best eggs and bacon .
the dinner menu is especially good !
pet smart is a great store to get all your pet needs covered !
this is my favorite petsmart .
it 's always clean and customer service is great .
i love this petsmart .
love it .
i brought my new puppy for training and amy was a fantastic teacher .
the grooming is great , although a recent experience was not as positive .
love the staff at banfield .
they have given our puppy excellent care .
the grooming salon always provides excellent service .
thank you !
she looks great !
i 've lived here for nearly _num_ years and i love it .
lived here for _num_ year a while back and enjoyed it .
felt safe in the gated community .
i moved into the greens about a month ago .
highly recommend living here !
the staff is welcoming , helpful , and knowledgable .
thank you for everything , you take customer care above and beyond !
thank you all for everything you do !
the office was kind , prompt , thorough and just awesome .
they were quick and gave excellent customer service .
i highly recommend this business and location .
first time here and had a great experience !
friendly and prompt customer service .
great location by my gym .
constantly full of customers .
very efficient staff .
the staff is friendly , service is fast and the store is always clean !
great guys , dan , the owner , is a very nice guy .
i would highly recommend this company .
i would highly recommend this company .
great service !
competent , courteous , and a pleasure to deal with .
thanks for the fast service and great job .
bobby , the service guy , was friendly .
the food quality is high and consistant .
smart daughter .
the place is quick an clean .
i was a regular until i moved to another state .
the best food ever !
fast , friendly , fresh and very clean !
just the best there is and you never leave hungry !
i love los favs !
everything that i have ever ordered here has been super delicious .
i get my food fast and it is always right !
friendly service and cheep !
overall very good though !
this place was outstanding !
breakfast burritos all come with potato egg and cheese and they are sooooooo good !
staff was very friendly and helpful !
really great food , sit down restaurant quality good .
love them , great little hole in the wall !
the food has always been consistently good .
i love their breakfast burritos and the carne asada fries are to die for !
great food and awesome service .
awesome best carne asada burrito .
rice and beans are great , and the hot sauce is homemade .
i went once the day i moved to arizona .
best place ever !
good nachos , breakfast burritos , and regular tacos .
the staff is very friendly .
food gets done fast and everything i 've had is amazing .
red sauce is amazing .
great food and friendly counter staff .
this is perfect for an early run into work and craving mexican food .
i got the chorizo burrito and it was perfect .
best vegan burritos around town .
amazing .
good customer service , very polite and friendly .
they have the best ground beef ever !
love it !
it 's addictive , and they sell it by the cup full .
the ham is the best , but so is the chorizo and bacon .
the price is right , and the green sauce is addictive .
the bacon breakfast burritos are delicious !
my kids love it and i love the price .
great authentic mexican cuisine !
i 'm not into fried food but it was really good !
i 'm hooked .
the best place to go for breakfast burritos , specifically the chorizo .
the chorizo is always delicious and has a good amount of spice .
my shrimp burrito is taking an entire lunch break to cool down !
yum yum !
customer service is good & there is a nice amount of seating .
great place for a quick lunch .
the chili verde chimi is excellent .
not fancy but really good mexican food .
fast service at great prices .
carne asada is so good !
they are always tasty and fresh , and they use real tortillas .
i do n't know why but we love this place .
their red sauce is the best !
great that it is next to starbucks to get coffee as well .
perfect neighborhood spot !
absolutely love this food !
staff is friendly and it 's is always clean !
love this place and their food .
one of our families favs !
killer shrimp burritos with lots of shrimp and lots of spice !
breakfast burritos are soooo good .
i love the food here and the staff is very friendly !
all leave you feeling full and satisfied !
the flavored are authentic and pure !
if you have a chance please visit the tempe and chandler locations !
as authentic mexican you can find in chandler and at an affordable price .
it 's a great late night spot to eat as well .
chorizo and california burritos are my favorite !
always great service , food is cooked just right .
carne asada fries are amazing .
the chorizo breakfast burrito is great too .
always delicious and fresh tasting .
the prices are very reasonable .
i think they are perfect !
i love their food .
it is truly authentic mexican food .
hard to find a seat during prime times .
perfect !
wow ... really really good !
hit the spot !
i think i found my new `` go-to '' favorite !
awesome carne asada !
fantastic breakfast burrito !
i recommend the bacon egg and cheese .
so delicious and was made quick .
but they have the best breakfast burritos !
the green sauce is my favorite .
this place is always clean and the staff is friendly .
this place is so delicious !
great tacos .
good service and open late !
anyways , everything was delicious while the toppings and sauce being not too heavy .
good for when you want a plate of affordable mexican food .
the enchiladas are tasty and so is the horchata .
the food though has always been good to me .
very pleased !
one of my favorite `` mom and daughter '' businesses .
they have a great selection of teas , herbs , essential oils .
great service , great advice .
i will definitely recommend desert sage to everyone i know !
i love stopping by this secluded spot .
quiet , relaxing and their employees are always helpful .
this place is great and they even offer therapy , massages , etc .
the teas all smelled fresh and i left without a hit to the wallet .
love this place and the staff !
they are very knowledgeable when it comes to their products !
very clean , well organized , friendly staff .
lots of fun supplies , knowledgeable , accurate .
essential oils are great quality , great prices .
this was a great class .
the store is so well organized and well stocked .
they have an amazing selection of oils , herbs , teas and more .
look forward to visiting often and learning even more .
thanks !
wow !
upon stepping in the door amazing energy and aroma hit me !
i love the fact that when i left i knew more than going in !
will for sure be a regular in the future !
the neighbors are generally very quiet and decent .
the lake and surrounding neighborhood are great and we would recommend lakeside to anyone .
they own this property and take good care of it .
he & his staff are amazing !
highly recommend this guy !
dr mark is the best .
he will fix u right up .
always pleasant , and gets rid of the pain .
he is awesome and knows what he is doing .
he is so good at getting me in though !
me and my girlfriend love this place .
much better than the other local chains .
its a pretty nice atmosphere and all ages seem to go here .
one of our favorite places to eat .
tasty food , good prices .
great lunch destination .
we were seated promptly and with a smile !
it is nice if you can sit outside on the water .
the service is fast and efficient and the prices are great .
i love valle luna !
it 's a winner .
wife & i always have a great time when we go .
margaritas pretty good .
fast service , nice staff .
great margs and lunch prices .
bar atmosphere is fun and as a whole this place is very clean .
warms me right up .
keep up the great work valle luna !
margaritas are fantastic !
and i love their salsa and beans that come with the chips .
cause people feed them !
good deals on drinks ... and food .
but still totally legit .
best happy hour !
fundido is amazing !
carne asada was delicious lots of flavor .
the restaurant has a great view of a lake .
very good chips and salsa .
prompt , fast service .
will return in future .
love it !
great food , great service , great atmosphere .
even the late night bar scene is fun !
highly recommended .
amazing chicken chimichanga !
great food , great service , great patio on the lake .
good drink specials , too .
love their green corn tamales and their taco basket is good .
i go to the cantina to meet up with friends and enjoy happy hour .
always relaxed and can watch the game and talk with friends .
prompt service and good drinks .
the `` lake '' nearby provides a good atmosphere .
i come from new mexico , so i 'm hard to please .
absolutely love love this place .
the food is good , drink specials and service is always great .
i love their mexican pizza !
i enjoyed the visit .
the lake was a pleasant surprise .
visiting from pa ... great food great service .
great mexican food ... good luck finding a place to park !
food was great , drinks were better , i 'll be back !
amazing food and amazing service .
it 's amazing .
valle luna rocks !
good chimichangas .
lunch specials are well worth it .
table salsa and chips are great .
but our waiter and help were able to keep up .
it felt a little long , but it was worth the wait .
dinner arrived sizzling hot and everybody enjoyed their food .
good salsa , great bean dip , and delicious enchilada sauce .
had a lunch date with my mom there it was great .
it was a first time going and we are definitely going back .
the lake view was great .
i have been to this restaurant many times & love it !
great mexican food priced very reasonably .
this place is awesome for happy hour .
awesome view of the lake , great patio .
we love this place !
very crowded , but good service .
love the chimichanga here .
very good .
nice and spicy , too .
omg , this place is amazing !
great food & descent service .
love this place - best mexican food in chandler .
the best mexican restaurant in the area that very few know about .
we love the fajita 's and the fundido .
and it 's even better when we get one meal for free !
awesome place , great service .
it just gets better and better when we come .
i have to say , i 'm impressed .
best happy hour in town , the $ _num_ taco basket is delicious !
the back patio is a great spot to meet friends and grab a drink .
amazing happy hour specials .
my husbands enchiladas looked better than my dish !
great atmosphere in the bar area during happy hour .
awesome bartenders .
both these guys exceed expectations .
excellent service !
both were excellent and well priced ( even without a coupon ) .
love valle luna and the margaritas !
great local place that i do n't go to enough .
the food is really good and they have great specials almost everyday .
valle luna is one of the best mexican restaurants in the valley !
the atmosphere is great and all the employees there are very friendly !
amazing !
always great service .
the food is also good and well prepared .
prices are very reasonable too .
the view from our seat looking over the lake was great .
this place has a great happy hour that lasts till 7:30 !
great drink specials and half off of appetizers .
great happy hour specials .
wednesday has family night specials .
our waitress , erin , was friendly , attentive , and professional .
they stayed on top of refills as well .
ordered the house margarita on the rocks , which was also delicious .
very strong as well , be careful !
i also enjoyed the nice lake view .
overall would recommend and return .
the chicken salad is huge and very good for the price .
we usually sit in the bar area for the happy hour prices .
nothing special but still the best place to go .
other than that , a good place to go .
i always have a good experience at valle luna .
went there for lunch today and had a great time .
the service was good .
our server was friendly and attentive , very on top of things .
the chips and bean dip are really good .
they have really good enchiladas .
my favorite place for mexican food .
happy hour is well worth it .
i loved sitting outside ( with the misters on ! )
and enjoying the company of my daughter with delicious food .
we were served right away and the restaurant looks clean .
awesome food !
also , great salsa which is important at a mexican food joint .
besides being my husbands favorite place , this place is downright delicious !
great prices , great atmosphere , and great service .
we look forward to date nights as it 's our usual spot !
this is my new favorite local joint .
but this is my new spot .
i freaking love this place .
the kids enjoyed the view of the lake .
such a great deal and it is very filling .
the food is always fresh and hot when they sever you .
definitely recommend this place for any occasion .
i ordered the tamale dinner , one of each with refried beans and rice .
the green corn tamale was excellent maybe one of the best .
the masa was great however .
the rice was salty which i enjoyed and the beans were perfect .
it was busy , but they did a good job with seating and service .
it was a great delightful lunch !
it was a delightful lunch !
he was very attentive and friendly .
atmosphere was fun and friendly and festive .
i will definitely be back .
great lunch menu even with fajitas that came out sizzling .
had leftovers for the next day as well .
great place for larger groups and friendly service .
the mexican pizza with chicken was delicious !
we found our recent dining experience to be most excellent .
it is easily enough for two people .
overall , i would definitely recommend this restaurant .
i absolutely love this restaurant !
i love this place !
the frozen strawberry margarita was sugary and amazing !
the service is great and everyone is very friendly .
the food is amazing !
our waitress leah was amazing !
best waitress i 've ever had anywhere .
she made me actually like this place .
great prices , good quality bar food .
sitting on the patio is heaven !
had an amazing lunch with my grandmother !
it was a beautiful day and the service was above average .
christian took such good care of us and our needs were always met .
love the patio .
great service and good food.
the staff is great with little turn over .
the food is good and reasonably priced .
great salsa !
one of our favorite places .
such a great happy hour and patio .
the rest of the staff is amazing also .
have eaten here many times with my family .
good food at reasonable prices .
the view here is spectacular .
the food is good but not amazing .
the service was pretty decent , nothing extraordinary .
the prices are very good though .
had lunch here this week , great as always .
i love the decor and atmosphere , food and service .
it 's clean and the people are friendly and efficient .
food was fresh and excellent , and salsa and chips .
overall i rate this restaurant highly and consistently .
wings at happy hour and tacos are really good .
excellent customer service and excellent food !
our server was great even though the hostesses seemed a little behind .
chicken fundido is amazing .
i love eating there .
i love this place !
sits right on the lake offering a beautiful view of the fountain .
the restaurant is appealing with the authentic mexican look .
the food is good .
the service is good .
go for happy hour !
excellent mouthwatering original chimichanga burrito !
their ingredients are fresh and full of flavor .
love this place !
great happy hour & nice to sit outside with a lake view .
great food , great view !
i always take to go their chips , salsa , and bean dip .
great food .
great service .
they are phenomenal .
a really fun , really neat bar with a great vibe .
the drinks are great - try the blue margaritas .
a really fun place to watch games - especially for cards fans on sunday .
check it out !
great service , good food .
i appreciate good service when i receive it , thank you brandon !
quality mexican food at a great price !
kid friendly and nice views of the `` lake '' .
friendly atmosphere and good food .
kids menu is decent with a variety of kid options .
food was good .
views were nice of the lake and atmosphere was nice .
amazing !
i love their tacos and their chips and salsa is to die for .
great food and great atmosphere .
bean dip and salsa are absolutely delicious and the margaritas are even better .
great service and close to my home .
this dry cleaning and laundry is the best that i have ever used .
most of the time everything comes back perfectly taken care of .
it still looks and fits perfectly .
i highly recommend this cleaners to anyone in the area .
yeah , yeah , i know , it 's a chain .
and their desserts were pretty good .
a little pricey , but worth it .
top notch , caring staff .
chicken is always cooked perfect with great flavor .
chocolate chip cookies are great too !
i know it 's a chain , but it 's a good one .
this location is always clean and the food is fresh .
the corn bread is tasty .
very professional , friendly & helpful .
i was very impressed !
good food and good people .
good for group meals / take out .
it 's so fresh , i love the crust and it hits the spot .
this group is outstanding and a compassionate .
they are just great people !
love this place .
they always go above and beyond to make our visits pleasant .
thank you dr walker and staff for all you have done over the years .
but i thought the massage was awesome and the prices were great !
i love her !
the actual facial was perfect .
susie was super !
susie was very kind , friendly , and knowledgable .
best of all , i received another coupon for another facial .
i appreciated her and highly recommend her services .
thanks susie !
then came my facial and she was also awesome .
my face still feels great !
the salon staff was nice and friendly .
the massage i received was wonderful .
if you can overlook the appearance the services are great !
best place ever will never go anywhere but here .
best massage i 've had in the valley ... from sierra !
lovely time at a new u day spa .
highly recommend for a massage , wrap , or facial .
they even provided mimosas , so lovely .
it is nice and quiet in the rooms i was in .
if you have kids - this studio is a must !
the staff is creative , friendly and patient .
i love this studio .
great job guys !
they are friendly and kind with all the pets .
thank you very much !
they are so loving and good with him .
just wonderful to deal with and their prices are fantastic .
: ) thank you ladies !
yet another spa day for my little guy .
my little boy comes out fluffy and shiny and happy !
and he is actually excited to see them !
thank you ladies !
this shop is great !
i really like that they do a deep teeth clean for a great price .
it really helps .
i asked for a puppy cut and they did an amazing job .
great staff , you can tell they truly love dogs .
best part of all was the quick service .
this place is awesome !
it is sooo relaxing !
even better , the polish will last on your toes for over a month !
very nice shop .
i will be a new regular here .
super service and you can not beat the price for what you get .
highly recommend !
i am a regular here now , and just love these girls .
lee and tina are the two who i see .
if they get busy the guy that does the nails comes and helps .
it 's a real team shop .
very good experience .
i found warner nails and i have found my spot now !
lee was my nail lady and she was so lovely !
she did a great job on my gel manicure and my pedicure !
it was easy to get in and nice and relaxing .
thank you lee !
see you in _num_ weeks !
warner nails is an absolute hit .
the staff are warm and never pushy and their prices were very reasonable .
she 's amazing at pedicures .
i moved to gilbert and still come back to chandler .
holly is my favorite , and has always done my nails .
her pedicures are also wonderful and she does very pretty nail art as well .
lee is also very talented with a mani/pedi .
i highly recommend this salon !
huge plus !
i will definitely go here again .
great people who do a great job .
best times to go are early mornings and during the week .
will definitely keep coming back !
it 's a family business that really cares about their customers .
love this place .
my favorite nail salon by far and i have been to quite a few .
they often good deals here on a few things we use regularly .
been to this big lots a few times , i recommend it .
this store is well stocked and clean .
this is a well organized big lots .
good store for browsing .
i really like this big lots .
staff are friendly .
nice folks in furniture section .
very good vietnamese foods .
i was introduced to this place by friends for their pho .
the soup broth is tasty and not loaded with msg .
the food is good and tasty and cheap .
best pho in phoenix and the best price .
very very very good .
service is speedy , prices reasonable , and the food is tasty .
this place is great and i eat here often .
the food is very good and the prices are great .
a vietnamese friend recommended this place and i have been eating here ever since !
honestly , the standard is really good .
it is really good .
the soup is so tasty and the price is reasonable .
their # _num_ - egg role is also my favorite .
but still , this is the best !
check it out !
i jumped on yelp , and found saigon pho .
we did takeout , and the food was pretty good .
everything was delicious , and our order came in under $ _num_ .
i will definitely be back ... .
great food , good prices .
their food is always consistent , quick and good .
anytime we are in the mood , we always go there .
great vietnamese food .
so ... that 's all i 've ever ordered there .
i recommend the spicy beef noodle soup .
great prices and friendly staff .
the pho is always delicious and the service is always quick !
thank you . ''
the food is really inexpensive and good .
love this place !
pho is fantastic !
egg rolls are the best !
-- service : very awesome .
best vietnamese restaurant in az i have ever been .
i love this place !
it 's reasonably priced , good food , and good service .
their egg rolls are fantastic too .
i have been there at least _num_ times and everything is great .
this is consistently some of the best vietnamese with great pho .
the service is fast and you cant beat the price .
the staff is genuinely friendly , providing excellent service .
not fancy , but really , really good .
the wait staff is always friendly and attentive .
very friendly people , and the best viet rest .
best pho in town !
this is one of my favorite places to get pho .
it 's made well here .
good flavor , not too oily .
the egg rolls are delicious .
i love this place !
the crab is fresh from the tanks in the back .
really good vietnamese food !
good service .
my family has been coming here for years .
everything we 've tried is delicious .
food is consistent , quick and inexpensive .
service was great and quick .
everytime it is delicious , fast and inexpensive .
it 's a great place to take a group of people .
i recommend this place for sure .
i have never seen any bugs and it 's always clean .
good food at the cheap price .
i always order the fresh rolls and pho # _num_ .
service is quick .
by far the best pho i 've found around this area .
saigon pho has some of the best vietnamese food i have ever had .
their lemon grass chicken is spicy , but oh so good .
the staff here is quick on the order , patient , and super friendly .
however , good experience , good atmosphere , and a great price .
bigger plus for being close to work and for having vietnamese soy milk !
best vietnamese restaurant i 've ever been to .
that _num_ years mark should tell you how great they are .
the food is cheap , and the portions are large .
always consistent .
, but the broth is so delicious it does n't even matter !
it 's all about the broth !
yes , it was that good .
service is fast and friendly .
really good pho .
they also have great service and reasonable prices .
the staff is friendly and the quality is on par .
mix and pour over ice for an extra rich coffee with an awesome aroma !
i like coffee , and i like 'em strong !
i came here with my uncle and cousin for lunch and it was packed .
even so , the service was friendly and the food came out fast .
love it !
the salt and pepper calamari is unreal !
i love how fast the service is !
love it !
trust me !
it 's made in house , and is such amazing .
this place is awesome .
my favorite phone place .
people are nice and my wife loves the number _num_ beef salad .
all of which was great !
service was quick and attentive , food was delicious and reasonably priced !
the best pho i have had .
the food is fresh .
and the staff is very very nice .
the pho was amazing !
hidden gem .
the food is simply excellent .
authentic and delicious .
friendly service .
incredible value for the food quality .
i will definitely be back .
good food , good service .
the quality of the food and the service are both really great here .
the others had beef chow fun and pho _num_ .
laurie still remembered us and what we like after almost a year .
i love this place .
also the curry chicken noodle soup is excellent .
this place is great .
it has some heat and some sweet from coconut milk .
i add in the jalapenos and basil and enjoy .
all their dishes are great so do n't be worried about ordering something new .
around $ _num_ a plate !
true taste and flavor !
this is our favorite , at least once a month , pho restaurant .
the staff are courteous , friendly and efficient , and the food is excellent .
great prices and great food !
i love the seafood , lobster salt and pepper is our fav !
the pho is so far the best i 've had .
very affordable !
one of our favorite restaurants in the valley !
we also have the vietnamese coffee as our dessert !
staff is very attentive and quick to deliver the goods .
great pho , eggrolls , spring rolls , and iced coffee .
this place is delicious .
awesome food every time and great prices .
looks pretty divey but its fantastic .
it is what it is .
success .
quick , easy , inexpensive , delicious pho .
saigon pho is amazing .
everything about this places is great .
happy eating !
amazing pho , spring rolls , and thai iced tea !
fresh .
and the customer service is always great here .
love this place and i 'm here to stay !
always packed - always great food !
highly recommended and i will definitely be back .
well worth the trip and i 'll be back .
best pho place in the east valley and prices are fantastic .
i am a huge fan of the fresh spring rolls .
definitely a favorite !
great pho .
very good prices as well .
definitely coming again !
we will definitely be back !
love this place .
the staff is super friendly .
the food is great .
i absolutely love this place !
good affordable pho .
the broth is light but super flavorful .
the meat is tasty , and the sides are just right .
finally we found saigon pho !
we got the saigon special and regular pho tai .
so good !
so , so good .
their food is delicious and their prices can not be beat .
the four stars is definitely for the vietnamese pho !
the thai iced tea is also excellent .
the best thing by far are the soups .
so overall it 's great food at a great price .
so that 's why give it four stars .
favorite pho place by far .
the pho was good and there was plenty .
the pho here is decent .
the soup base is pretty good !
the service is usually terrible , but the food has always been good .
my favorite pho place !
i love coming here to study and have a good quick bowl of pho .
their portions are great and their prices are the best .
excellent food , fast service and the price is very reasonable .
good food , excellent service !
their other dishes are good too .
the best pho and spring rolls in chandler !
their food were good .
the food is consistently good here over the years .
everything is really good .
i really love the beef pho , their spring rolls , their eggrolls .
the food is always great .
full of flavor and the meat is tender .
everything we have tried is great .
recommend # _num_ order it with crispy noodles and what ever meat you like .
pho is always good too .
the price was perfect !
especially for the amount of food you get .
welcome back saigon pho .
best vietnamese food i have had in the phoenix area .
and they are quick , so good option for lunch .
they have excellent food at a great price !
pho is my favorite and this place does it well !
the spring rolls are amazing !
amazing !
mm mm mmmm !
both very good .
the egg rolls and spring rolls are also a nice starter .
really good food at a really good prices !
that town has the highest number of vietnamese people of any city in texas .
anything you get here is good , trust me !
and they have very good prices ... ca n't beat that !
we love the spring rolls and you ca n't beat the service here .
i tried multiple crab dishes here as well for dinner and they were delicious .
huge serving all the trimmings and at a very nice price .
service was good and we had our fill .
the spring and egg rolls are excellent as well .
there may be a wait but its well worth it .
but the braised beef and shrimp is still great .
but on second glance , you realize the work of art is a masterpiece .
it is a masterpiece , a work of art .
everything on the menu has been a must eat so far !
love their curry chicken and fish with saigon special sauce .
spicy basil chicken and teriyaki chicken is good too .
love this place .
good family style restaurant that is reasonably priced and quick service .
excellent every time !
another one of my favorite places to eat .
very large dining rooms and tables to accommodate large parties .
i live right up the street and frequent here .
love the shrimp spring rolls and the thai tea .
lots of great food , great service , great place to eat .
i was very impressed by this place .
the place was clean and the atmosphere was great .
keep it pretty simple with the strips of beef and meat balls .
their egg rolls are my favorite !
the broth is hot and a little bit spicy .
the service was super fast and my noodle soup came out in record time .
this place is delicious .
if you like pho # _num_ is my personal favorite .
string beans with pork is great .
inside was really dark and the music is different .
pho was so good , especially if you like deep flavoring stock .
always happy here .
this seemed to be a very authentic place .
spring rolls and egg rolls were very good .
pho was good .
if you like pho , you will love this place .
very much your classic mixture of asian cuisine , mainly vietnamese in one place .
servers have gotten better over the years , more attentive to orders .
all of the food come out super quick !
all very delicious & our regular orders to say the least .
saigon pho is consistently good .
we really enjoy this place .
the beef chow fun and house crispy chicken are also very good .
this place is always friendly and appreciates any customers that walk in the doors .
the price is also amazing for the quality and quantity you get .
for pho , this is the place to go !
hands down this is the winner !
the soups are amazing , actually everything we 've had is amazing .
he is good , as are the spring rolls .
everything was very good here .
this is our families go to joint for pho .
good stuff all the way around !
enjoyed everything we ordered !
wow .
i absolutely love this place .
the service is as great as the cuisine .
pho is great , bun is great , great seafood .
it 's all good .
friend got vegetarian and he said it was good .
recommend for casual tasty meal .
great pho !
i got pho tai , beef came out nice and thin and rare .
the broth was excellent .
i just hope they stay in business so i can keep coming .
the broth was better than their near by competition in my opinion !
great round table for all of us to sit .
food was enjoyable and decent quality .
fantastic pho and the egg rolls with fish sauce are a must try .
i also love the thai iced tea .
nice staff and very reasonable prices .
always clean .
always delicious .
very polite and efficient service .
i thought that it tasted fresh with the basil and crispy lettuce .
consistently great food and great value that is served crazy fast .
the pho is the best in town but underrated is the won ton .
pho was delicious but they have a great menu beyond that too .
props to the round spinning table !
for a drink i ordered c ph and was it real coffee !
( i recommend first time visitors try the dessert ) .
my go to favorite .
great food , fast service !
the ingredients are so fresh !
i love coming here on rainy days !
great spot , cheap prices !
fastest service ever !
the employees are so friendly , too !
they happily made me some fresh fries and chatted with me while i waited !
the whole building looks like a huge box crafted out of fine wood .
the location is great and food was fantastic .
very impressive .
this is a particularly nice wendy 's with good hours .
great location .
the staff is always very friendly .
stephanie is an amazing dental hygienist and treats her patients with care and respect .
you guys are great !
the entire staff is knowledgeable , compassionate , and professional .
everyone is so kind , always willing to help and explain options .
highly recommend - this group is wonderful .
he is an awesome dentist and the staff is outstanding !
they all make you feel very comfortable .
absolutely great dentist and staff .
very nice office to visit .
it 's more than just a teeth cleaning , it 's a social hour !
cavities beware !
highly recommended !
best dentist in arizona !
love going for my cleanings .
the staff is super friendly and also funny !
they make you feel like family .
once i got to the front , they were super friendly and sweet .
i always find a good deal or sale .
keep your receipt !
impressive !
: ) i hope to visit again this year and get them done !
excellent customer service experience !
she did such and awesome job .
i absolutely love the work she did .
i would highly recommend her work .
right away i was able to see an employee on the floor .
victoria came right over & helped me with my list of items .
i love the way my hair turned out , i will definitely be back !
thanks melissa !
tatiana is the best colorist i 've ever had .
she always makes my hair look fantastic .
love this flower shop 's services !
you have a customer for life !
i had flowers sent to my wife and she loved them .
they were beautiful , fresh , and smelled amazing .
great service and great arrangement .
happy to have a local business i can support .
what a wonderful experience .
thank you for a fond memory for them and myself .
absolutely amazing .
she is the best , hands down .
thank you terri and your entire staff for everything .
i will be seeing you again soon .
best flowers in town .
the customer service is great and the flowers last much longer than other places .
you can get a great set of flowers for a excellent price .
thanks !
my daughter loves going .
so yeah ... i 'm a fan .
and she did a great job !
i started going to darling nails two and a half years ago .
i love it .
i have now introduced my family and they love it too !
great price for excellent service .
then i discovered helen !
she does an excellent job on my pedicure every time !
i love this place wo n't go anywhere else .
very friendly and professional .
holly and helen are fabulous also .
love this place .
thank you papa for watching the boys .
customer service is wonderful .
i highly recommend them to everyone .
i love this store .
it is a family owned business with the son and his parents .
the sales people are very helpful and friendly .
my fiance loves the ring , and she constantly gets compliments on it .
i highly recommend this store .
their pricing was awesome and their customer service was superb .
this is a wonderful jeweler to work with !
my fiance loves her ring more and more each day !
thanks christopher for the exceptional experience you provided us with !
what great customer service !
we found a few rings that i liked , but i wanted something different .
the best part is the price .
highly recommended .
christopher is the best !
just the best service from day one .
christopher diamond 's two words , `` truly exquisite '' !
i had my `` new '' wedding band designed by christopher .
they are a dynamic , personable , knowledgeable and most importantly genuine .
this place is a hidden gem .
small , friendly , family owned .
i highly recommend this jeweler !
love this place .
my husband custom made my ring and it is done perfectly .
we walked in and met christopher and he showed us his beautiful selection .
nothing but professionalism and great service .
i would highly recommend this store .
now she can enjoy all of her jewelry in one huge ring !
i absolutely love the custom piece they have done me for my fianc !
i highly recommend them !
their service and product speak volumes !
we 'll definitely be going back - especially if it 's for custom pieces !
as it turns out .
this store usually has a good selection of clothes .
santa and his staff were very professional and gentle with my baby .
great place to take your pet !
the service here was great !
love it !
the cashier was also very friendly and upbeat .
i will be shopping here more often !
thanks for the great experience !
great location for finding better clothes .
i love _num_ % saturdays and service is usually pretty good !
found exactly what i needed to finish a costume .
store was well stocked and actually really clean .
steer clear of the bathrooms !
it smells funny here and be careful to not sit on an old couch .
i love this goodwill !
i love the home section , they always have really cute shabby chic stuff .
never would have i thought i 'd come upon such an amazing find .
she has definitely made my night a whole lot better with her actions .
she is amazing at her job and truly cares about the patients .
cvs is definitely lucky to have an employee as awesome as she is .
pool is nice trainers are great too .
they also have some great spin classes .
i recently joined and have been impressed with the service .
great fitness center in chandler !
the staff is friendly and always welcomes each members to their locations .
i am very happy with the new management thus far .
thank you so much for fixing my air conditioning and being so polite !
so far everything exceeds expectations .
i moved in a couple of weeks ago .
i love this complex .
it 's quiet , and everyone i have seen so far is incredibly nice .
other than that , it 's an awesome complex and place to live .
keep it up !
maintenance is always on point .
honestly the best apartment complex i 've lived in between az and ca .
very cozy and friendly neighborhood .
any problems or concerns , they are the best people to go to !
i have lived here for a month and so far i love it !
the grounds are great for walking my dogs and feel very safe at night .
great place !
staff is amazing and helpful with getting everything set up .
the property is amazing , and the pool is the envy of my friends .
best customer service at a jewelry store i ever been too .
they were very friendly and honest .
they have a really good selection as well .
my experience with golden jade jewelry has always been great .
the folk at golden jade are charming .
and they 've got lots of great jewelry to consider !
i agree !
they have good costumer service here .
my friend got her watch fixed .
something to keep in mind for the future engagement ring .
this place is a super family restaurant - really casual atmosphere .
humongous calzones , and of course the kids loved the pizzas .
the lunch specials are the best .
i highly recommend this place .
best calzones in town !
service is usually good and the prices are very reasonable .
comfort food at some of its best .
the calzones are gigantic , and well worth the calories .
i also love their thin crust pizza .
pizza rolls & calzones are awesome !
would be a great place for lunch too !
i love this place !
great food , good service and a very affordable lunch .
i would recommend the lunch special calzone .
those are definitely the best as the other dishes are just okay .
a great , local pizza joint !
i 've always received quick and friendly service , and their prices are great .
ordered the calzone lunch special .
wow !
it even came with a soda with free refills .
crispy crust and just the right amount of cheeses and sauce .
definitely a good deal .
fast service !
this is the perfect place for you !
had another great quick meal here .
delicious !
pizza muffins !
trust !
price was reasonable .
two words : huge calzones .
this place is good quality neighborhood italian food .
best calzone around .
great lunch menu .
able to support large groups well .
this is a locally owned community friendly restaurant .
awesome to see fixes to large group service .
this pizza works best when slightly reheated in the microwave .
the pasta and the pizza muffins look worth the visit .
the food here is great and they have several reasonable lunch specials .
right around $ _num_ gets you a drink and personal pizza .
i would definitely recommend going here .
i love this place .
they have delicious pizza , pasta , and beer .
i tried a white pizza which i enjoyed and a pepperoni for the kids .
they simply have fantastic specials - they offer very large portions at incredible prices .
recommended !
if you come here expecting chain store food , u will be impressed .
great lunch , go early very busy .
prices are very reasonable .
i thought i had a find , but look at all the prior reviews !
our family has been going here for years !
kids love the calzones .
they taste great and they are huge !
great family atmosphere and the service has always been very good .
great food at affordable prices !
for around $ _num_ the items were a great value .
this is one of my favorite italian places !
if there is room leftover the desserts are fun too !
thanks for being part of the community .
great place !
as everyone else said the calzones are great !
$ _num_ for a calzone and a drink is a great price too .
those dishes are just fine .
the good here is value .
i 'm not coming here without getting a calzone , they are great .
the service is good , its clean , the food comes relatively quickly .
i 'll continue to come here .
great mom and pop family local italian restaurant that you must try .
every meal that i have had from this restaurant has been fantastic .
good food .
great prices .
great prices and we really enjoyed the pizza muffins .
i really like this place .
great food and great service .
they are great when served with their ranch sauce .
this is my place for great thin crust ny style pizza .
my whole family loves this place .
a new date night spot !
the prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly .
my favorite pizza joint !
so much food for the price .
great variety of italian food , salads , pizza .
total fan for life .
superb service , food was awesome when we finally sat down to eat .
the restaurant had a good `` pizza joint '' vibe .
definitely going back !
the pepperoni muffins are magical !
i 've had some of the pasta there too and it 's delicious .
definitely check it out !
i love this place .
very nice non chain place .
i went here and had a wonderful calzone and cookie covered in ice cream !
the place was clean and family oriented with plenty of space between tables .
it was great for a group dinner !
service was good .
will definitely return .
their pasta dishes are so satisfying , but the pizza is my favorite !
excellent food and prices !
the lunch specials are fantastic .
i love eating here !
i usually enjoy the ravioli with alfredo sauce and it is awesome .
i will definitely eat there again !
the pizza rolls at this place are absolutely to die for .
we usually create our own dozen with bacon , ham , and pineapple .
_num_ % recommend .
we searched for a family restaurant with good food .
everything was delicious !
we went early , they were almost full , a good sign .
the service was excellent .
great pizza , with fast delivery .
my family and friends and i have been eating here for a long time !
the pizza is really good too !
great prices and great food !
this is definitely a place i would go back to .
great place to slip in to watch the game .
great atmosphere and great prices .
this place is absolutely amazing and family friendly .
for any new customer , i recommend the pizza muffins !
pizza muffins are awesome and so are the calzones !
definately recommend it to others !
we eat lunch here at least once a week .
everyone raves about pizza muffins and they are great too .
prices are really reasonable too .
great food .
great prices .
delicious sicilian dessert !
anyways , highly recommend the pizza rolls !
portion sizes are great and the quality if the food is also very good .
spaghetti and meatballs , butternut squash ravioli and salad ... wonderful !
and we will be back !
their calzones are huge , pizza is great .
highly recommended for keeping me and my family so satisfied over all the years .
awesome food and great service .
great service too !
the pepperoni pizza here is the best in chandler .
staff is very nice and efficient .
the family and i love this place .
very large , perfectly cooked and you can add what ingredients you want .
we all think the pizza is very good .
food is very reasonably priced and also pretty good quality .
they open at _num_ and have some great lunch specials .
definitely worth a dine !
the place was packed and the food was great !
the service was very good and the place was clean .
real good italian food .
i especially love the complementary bread they give you with your meal .
fantastic food , good service , at a great price .
highly recommend eating here .
i found this place via yelp and it was a great success .
very family-friendly , casual .
service was very good , and they were busy on a friday lunch crowd .
i would definitely recommend this place .
service is great , waitress is fantastic .
great place .
our favorite italian restaurant since moving to chandler in _num_ .
it 's a small place , so they will always be near by .
i always enjoy this honest to goodness italian food .
all amazing !
been going here since i was a kid , it 's soooo delicious !
their calzones , salads , and pizza muffins are great !
there pastas are okay , nothing special but still good .
the atmosphere is very quaint and intimate .
the staff is always friendly as well .
super excited to find an italian place that does delivery and carry out .
nothing stood out but it was good enough to have a good eating experience .
the table all enjoyed their food .
i ended up ordering a pasta dish that was absolutely delicious .
always a treat .
they taste amazing and make amazing leftovers too .
i 've also had their pasta which tasted very good .
the pizza muffins and caesar salad were both really good !
the pizza was pretty good , too , but nothing amazing imo .
all were delicious !
the alfredo sauce was rich and creamy .
we will definitely eat here again .
we got seated quickly and our waiter was very friendly with us .
i have recommended this to other friends and will continue to do so .
definitely a good place to go and support a local business .
great family pizza joint .
liked the ambiance , fun and welcoming .
will definitely come back for dinner some time .
favorite family italian .
prices are very fair and portions are good .
favorites are pizza muffins and calzone is best in town .
pasta dishes are great .
never disappointed and always satisfied .
& the chicken pizza rolls so tasty .
super food and excellent service !
our first time here but we will certainly be coming back .
great pizza good pasta .
they are so tasty .
great food and good service .
i ordered the fettuccine alfredo with spicy pink sauce which hit the spot .
our waiter randy provided great suggestions and was very attentive .
great food and service .
service , awesome .
food , great .
tried the special .
great pizza .
parking is great .
fast seating .
staff was very friendly and food was excellent .
have been here multiple times and service can vary .
solid , cheap , delicious italian .
excellent for takeout as well .
hidden gem !
this place is packed every night !
one of the best pizza 's i 've ever had in my life .
the flavor and taste of the bread was amazing .
their sauces were very good along with their toppings .
cody the waiter is worth the price of admission .
bread pudding pretty dang good if you like that kind of thing .
great job folks !
excellent .
service was great and fast on a busy friday night .
our favorite pizza place !
excellent food and service .
we order pizza here every week and we love it .
looks fun !
we 'll keep coming back to this place !
good salads and great service as well .
atmosphere is cozy and relaxed .
good for families .
most reasonably priced , and delicious italian food in chandler .
bonus !
definitely on my list of places to go out for dinner from now on .
great food .
good food & drinks and always great service .
simple , excellent food with awesome service .
the antipasto salad was fresh and full of flavor .
the pizza was a surprise as well ... .
great sauce and delicious crust .
the service was excellent and engaging .
i was pleasantly surprised by the quality in the pizza they make here !
i ordered a large with fresh basil , onions , garlic and olives !
hands down this is the best value for italian food in the east valley .
everything on the menu is delicious and i will be returning often !
this time we tried the pizza muffins and they were great !
this place is awesome great prices plus the pizza muffins are to dine for !
love this place .
pizza muffins are great .
solid italian meal that wo n't break the bank .
good stuff .
it was amazing !
thank you again for great food and service !
always great food .
unique offerings w their pizza rolls and calzones .
i would come back again for good and inexpensive italian food .
the white sauce was perfect with garlic and spices .
the spaghetti looked pretty basic to me but he seemed to love it .
bottom line ... good food , great prices .
most amazing italian restaurant !
highly recommend !
the food was amazing !
our server , angie , was also such a treat !
the food was so reasonably priced and i will definitely come here again !
very good local restaurant .
it is worth the wait .
toppings were very lite .
great pizza , wonderful pasta , and the best manicotti too .
my usual is always so good and consistent that i ca n't stray away .
i 've had samples off friends plates and it 's always great .
they 're amazing .
the other pasta dishes are also very good .
great pizza !
love the pizza knots .
always busy and great environment .
love the food .
good pizza , good ravioli .
good service .
pizza muffins are amazing .
highly recommended .
the real star of the meal was the pizza muffins .
super good !
we had fantastic catered food .
the parking lot was packed and after eating , we know why !
service was fast and friendly , food was great and the cost was reasonable !
we will definitely come here again !
my parents took me there now i take my kids .
always good hot tasty food .
great salad and calzones .
will visit again and again .
keep up the good work .
found this place on accident and it is my new favorite place in arizona !
worth the wait !
great service .
great food .
excellent pizza muffins , very unique .
such nice people , and they just recently updated it as well .
everything on the menu is delicious here !
i 've had it all and love it all .
i was n't really hungry but tried them out ... wow !
love this place !
love this place , it 's really good italian at a great price .
you 'll love this place !
oh boy was it insanely delicious !
probably the best i 've ever had .
while i loved the sausage , it is a bit spicy .
great deals at lunch from $ _num_ which includes a drink .
service was great .
we will definitely return and recommend .
her name is angie and she has a splendid attitude and aura about her .
she is great with kids , and she always remembers our orders .
we decided to check this place out and the pizza is authentic .
the sauce on the margarita pizza was extremely flavorful and our waitress was great .
pass the plates and enjoy !
this place gets literally packed with people !
definitely worth a taste !
to expand on that , the calzones here are huge and perfect .
this can work as a meal or appetizer , depending on the group size .
_num_ for $ _num_ is an amazing deal .
food and service is always good .
we love their pizza muffins and calzones .
i love this place !
greatest calzones ever .
love this place .
everything was fresh & delicious .
love love love their sauce .
waitress was pleasant .
we will definitely be back .
food is awesome , wait staff is attentive , nice and accommodating .
this place can get really busy and it 's because it is really great .
the cookie dessert is also great !
the service was great and they were really fast .
visiting from houston texas was recommended here .
really good food !
amazing food , amazing customer service , clean .
they taste like pizza , really good pizza .
yummy and hot with marinara and ranch dressing .
there calzones are delicious .
there pizza rocks and lots of specials every day !
perfect place for some mexican food late at night when everyone else is closed .
while it 's a bit greasy , it 's very tasty nonetheless .
this place is ridiculously good .
great quality food , reasonably fast .
the carne asada burrito is always good .
love it !
you always know to keep me regular .
i 'll continue to make a guest appearance here from time to time .
it gets busy at times , but still pretty speedy .
we just moved to arizona and recently discovered filiberto 's .
amazing .
place is clean .
the best tacos on the planet .
they have a caring staff and provide great quality care .
this banfield is a great place .
i give them _num_ stars !
he was great with my dog , made me feel completely comfortable .
he seems to truly love animals .
he explained everything thoroughly .
thanks doctor for getting my dog back on a healthy healing path !
the facilities are clean , efficient , and modern .
quality : they 've done excellent on everything i 've taken there .
this is my new favorite cleaners !
they 're fast , and they provide excellent quality .
and great hours if you need to pick up after work .
they did a great job and i will go back for sure .
always a good time coming here , great customer service .
they look , feel and smell like new .
on friday they had a really good steak deal .
staff super friendly , welcoming and inviting .
love the different games & events available .
quaint , old school , great private club .
she was originally recommended to us by my wife 's primary physician .
i grew up in arizona so i stay on top of my skin .
thank you so much for all you 've done .
she is the best !
my first visit here was a good experience .
i 've been going here for over a year now and love it !
everything from the waiting room area , staff , scheduling , etc is great !
the food is spicy as is cajun style and the selections are terrific .
four stars : one for decor , one for how the food tasted !
one for service , and one for price ( reasonable ) .
i will definitely go back next trip there .
the physical therapists there are informative and knowledgable .
best automotive shop i have ever dealt with .
they are prompt , honest , fair and honest .
but they have always charged fair prices .
i have seen it several times but for some reason it hit home today .
bob makes everyone feel like family .
everyone is treated professionally and honestly .
great place !
great customer service .
thank you .
and get myself and other customers tires done in a timely fashion .
helpful and friendly !
i would recommend them to anyone .
great customer service came in to fix a flat !
thank you again todd !
the price is the best .
lastly -- - the price is great -- - the food tastes better !
friendly staff , good food and great prices .
we enjoyed it all .
awesome food and a big selection of wine .
all this for a great price .
a great place to go for a first date .
over the last month , ordered pizza to go and dined in as well .
the pizza is terrific .
dining in ordered a pesto calzone -- superb .
service was excellent .
family owned delicious pizzeria and wine bar .
casual dining and good for a date or the whole family .
their cheese plate appetizer is delicious and the pesto pizza is my favorite .
the cheese platter is an excellent side if you 're enjoying the wine bar .
the staff has always been friendly and attentive .
a most unexpected gem !
great selection !
what a pleasant surprise this place was !
great wine list , terrific food and a totally awesome contemporary decor .
we will definitely be going back !
great atmosphere , friendly service , and delicious calzone .
drenched in sauce and absolutely delicious .
wonderful family owned business with exceptional service .
the pizza crust and sauce are fantastic .
great lunch deals !
i will be back !
the food , service , and atmosphere is fantastic here .
favorite place for a relaxing drink of wine and some great food as well .
they keep things fresh and updated .
friendly is an understatement .
always great service , the waitstaff knows the wine list and makes great recommendations .
the takeout is equally as good , they never skimp on quality .
highly recommend this restaurant !
probably one of my new favorite places to eat and hang out !
the bar area is the same and the food is great .
it is a great neighborhood restaurant - and the wine bar is great too .
portions are very generous ; i end up always having leftovers !
still , it 's really damn good !
i ... ... love ... ... .
such a cool vibe in the place .
i cant help wanting to come here all the time .
great wine selection ... .
and incredible food .
i am a huge fan of the place !
great service , great food , great atmosphere .
the owners are super nice and seem to really care about their customers .
pretty nice decor ( although it was freezing cold inside this evening ) .
we had the tex mex pizza which was very good .
great food and wine !
the atmosphere is great here .
they had a huge wine selection and a great menu .
the food was tasty too .
everyone else in our group loved their food as well .
pesto 's is always a great place to eat and have drink .
it was pretty good .
nice little wine bar .
i enjoyed a flight of whites and one of their specialty salads for lunch .
pretty tasty .
food is consistently good , and i really like the wine bar .
nice place to pop in for happy hour or a quick dinner .
very friendly and you can tell it 's not a chain .
they have amazing food and their prices are pretty reasonable !
what a great neighborhood italian restaurant and wine bar .
everything is homemade and the service is great .
the homemade house salad dressing and marinara is very authentic .
the food is that good and the menu that varied !
everything on the menu is delicious including the salads , pastas and pizza .
this made us very happy !
high points for presentation of salads and pasta dishes .
they were also delicious !
great wine selection .
very nice menu of pastas , pizza and more .
both were excellent .
well worth the stop .
fantastic food , great service , live music , locally owned .
this is our favorite spot to dine for sure .
pizza there is flavorful and new york style .
i love the decor in the bar .
my ravioli was great , and the salad was amazing .
i am a caesar girl , but this was fantastic .
i have enjoyed two fabulous meals here !
primarily they feature italian wines ( which are quite wonderful !
great for date night or lunch with the kids .
the name says it all ... anything with pesto is excellent .
prices are reasonable especially for the quality .
wow !
the decor is beautiful and this is not your average wine bar .
he did a great job suggesting the wine flights and various appetizers !
great overall experience and will be back soon !
the owner frank is a great guy and the food is awesome !
i love the pesto alfredo and the alfredo pizza !
amazing italian food and great service !
love this place !
pesto 's is awesome !
pizza is really good .
love the atmosphere , it 's usually pretty busy .
great selection of wines , they have beer too .
i recommend .
the food is good .
the wine is great .
the service is meh .
this restaurant is one of our favorite places .
glad i live close to yet another place where the food is delicious .
i love this place !
great ambience , great food and great wine list .
check out thier daily happy hour !
excellent calamari probably some of the best i 've ever had .
i found the service to be very on point in every way .
sangria was great too .
came here for the happy hour and they did not disappoint .
exceptional italian cuisine , a lovely atmosphere and a great staff .
i love this place .
treat yourself to something remarkable and get to pesto 's .
i 'll see you there !
they have an awesome wine selection and the food is really good !
they have an extensive pizza menu as well as a lot of regular entrees .
the very best italian food in chandler !
the bar is a great place too .
my husband claims the chicken parmesan is the best he 's ever had !
nice ambiance !
very cozy feeling , nice music on the weekends .
service is always great at this family run business .
this place totally surprised me .
the gnocchi was excellent .
wonderful service .
good selection of drinks .
we shared a number if menu items and enjoyed everything .
i just love pesto 's .
the family owned establishment has the best happy hour in town !
this is the best i 've had so far , by far !
great service , great pizza , and reasonable price .
i love pesto 's and frequent here often !
i love that its locally owned , quality food and has great decor .
happy hour is a great deal too !
chefs specials are amazing too .
great family running this place !
amazing food and wine selection !
love the food my fav are the wings !
highly recommend the atmosphere is chill .
this is a great family owned italian restaurant !
the caprese salad is one of the best i 've ever had !
great daily dinner specials .
the service is always friendly and informative .
the linguine in white clam sauce is amazing !
very intimate setting , great decor , inviting atmosphere , and awesome service .
we love this place .
the menu is wonderful !
we usually get what 's on special , and the appetizers are a must !
i recommend taking a date and enjoying a great meal !
amazing homemade italian food .
the salads are so delicious and the lasagna is out of this world !
so good .
not to mention , the food is amazing !
great food , loved the jazz saturday night and staff was great .
love this place !
food is excellent , especially the antipasto salad and cheese tray .
i absolutely love this place !
delicious and authentic italian food is created here ... and that pesto ... wow !
what a lovely experience .
i had the eggplant parmesan and it was really delicious .
it was delicious .
i am a huge fan of pesto 's .
this is the perfect first date place .
really great wine bar with very good food .
we shared the beet salad to start and it was just amazing !
the bartenders were friendly and service was great !
i 'm so glad we discovered this place !
love pesto 's !
loved their pizza each time i went there .
their tuscan pizza is my all time favorite .
friendly owners and staff .
cute little place that looks a little fancy too .
i highly recommend this place .
one of the best restaurant experiences in arizona !
the food is authentic and fresh with specials that are creative and interesting .
this is officially our go-to spot !
loved this place !
very cute little wine bar .
wine was good , as were the appetizers .
we will definitely be back !
the stuffed mushrooms and bacon wrapped dates were amazing !
the service made us feel as though we had been coming here for years .
definitely our new go to place for amazing italian food !
met a friend here on a saturday night for dinner .
we were pleasantly surprised that it was happy hour .
both dishes were delicious .
the ambiance was lovely .
wow !
warm welcomes , great table choices , amazing menu , and outstanding service .
love pesto 's !
i love this intimate place .
great ambiance and good wine list !
the food was delicious .
go for a date night or family dinner !
very clean and love the fish tank !
the salad was filling and the dressing very tasty .
the cheese pizza was huge and very good .
not as good as nyc , but still really good .
the staff was friendly and our food was out in a timely manner .
based our visit off the yelp reviews and was very happy with our choice .
food was good and wine selection was great .
overall we would absolutely return as the overall experience was great !
excellent !
excellent !
excellent !
the food is delicious and they have an awesome wine selection .
its a family owned joint and they take pride in what they do .
i have met the son , noah , and he displayed outstanding customer service .
the pizza is really good and they use very quality meats and cheeses .
that said : this hospital is incredible .
well a few months later and my sister is here again !
ed staff is great here !
it is worth the drive !
great staff !
great hospital !
labor and delivery people were great !
every time i come here its been a great experience .
clean , caring staff and nice private rooms !
i was treated very well by the staff and was treated for the pain .
the rooms are beautiful and clean and all the staff friendly .
awesome care and very helpful .
everyone was fantastic .
very attentive throughout my stay .
every nurse i had was pleasant and followed through with my wishes .
everyone was very nice and all staff were trying to move the line along .
chandler regional gets an a+ from me !
absolutely first-rate experience .
doctors are really nice .
that means for me they were gentle .
i had surgery here and had a positive experience from beginning to end .
every staff member we encountered was friendly and professional .
wow !
i highly recommend this hospital for anyone .
i delivered my son in _num_ , i loved this hospital !
i spent _num_ days there and they took great care of me .
i delivered my son here and had a fabulous experience .
i highly recommend this hospital for anyone having a baby !
god bless .
also it is very well kept .
great hours .
excellent wifi .
that is nice of them .
he was very nice to all of us .
thank you chandler regional medical center !
everyone was so friendly and attentive .
would definitely recommend this hospital .
er doctor was great !
he was very reassuring .
we had a great experience and definitely would go back if need be .
outstanding !
i was happy with my choice of hospitals .
was on vacation in arizona and they literally saved my life .
like i said , they literally saved my life .
his is friendly and very responsive if i should call and need anything .
he came highly recommended by a coworker .
he is so kind and really cares about his patients .
all the receptionist and nurses are very nice too !
he has a hawaiian theme office , very calming when you walk in .
best doc in the valley .
young doctor and really easy to talk to .
awesome family practice staff great .
great first experience !
really impressive .
i completely trust him , so can you .
the staff is always super nice and treats you like family .
very easy to talk to and schedule a appointment .
always treated well here .
service is fast and friendly .
been here several times and they always get it right the first time .
when i arrived they were very friendly and welcoming .
the service was great !
pedicure was awesome and the design is cute !
i most definitely will be going back !
i really like this place !
marilyn is amazing !
you want to just take her home with you she 's so nice !
which is important .
everyone at the office was nice and pleasant .
for me , being direct works great .
they are pleasant thorough and efficient .
they take reservations which i highly recommend , but they also allow walk-ins .
that must be a great benefit , if needed .
he helped a woman that needed to say goodbye to her dog .
they host is awesome and always keeps the night moving along nicely .
the crowd is pretty friendly , so there is lots of chatting with strangers .
best staff you 'll come across .
neighborhood friendly .
good people .
billiards and darts a plenty !
super cute bartenders !
i recommend the wings or the monday tacos .
great staff , and fantastic beer selection !
lot 's of very friendly regular 's that make you feel welcome .
knowledgable bar tenders , good selection of standard and craft beers .
a mellow crowd and moderate music volume allowing conversation .
the perfect dive bar .
stop in enjoy yourself its a good place .
priceless is what a real sports bar should be .
rhonda served us great wings and was an awesome server .
great place .
we will definitely be back !
side note : steve is also an accomplished chef .
outstanding experience .
steve does a great job !
thanks steve .
keep up the good work .
this is a great place .
fantastic !
fast way friendly and worth every penny !
very friendly and helpful .
thank you !
very friendly ... .
thank you !
wonderful experience !
fast and friendly service .
i recommend going there and yelping your experience .
great facility and great staff !
so much win !
i was happy to give them $ _num_ for the job .
now the glasses fit properly and feel good .
i 'm very happy and i encourage others to go here as well .
extremely happy with the service .
thanks again tyler !
i 'm so happy to have found this company .
very impressed .
excellent quality service !
great customer service and just an awesome experience overall !
i received a phone call when they received my glasses .
i received my glasses in perfect condition !
fast and high quality .
highly recommended !
very satisfied with the repair work done to my glasses !
they were fast friendly and reasonably priced !
wow !
amazingly he also could have replaced the arm since he carries this unusual brand !
i will forever use this place and recommend it to anyone and everyone !
i really like eating here .
their food is very tasty too .
price is fair too .
best egg rolls ever !
food is always fresh , steaming hot and the service is always friendly !
the portions are always big and everything always comes fresh on big platters .
lunch specials are great and you get alot of food for your money .
both are delicious .
solid and consistently great food !
consistently good food and a great price .
great food and never disappointed .
place is clean and airy .
you can expect great , affordable lunch specials , and friendly staff .
by far the chicken fried rice is the best .
love this place !
they 're fast , food is always consistently tasty .
this place has great food at a fair price .
been coming here for _num_ years .
all were perfectly delicious .
the chicken was spicy and full of vegetables .
but it was delicious and not overly greasy .
i ordered the new menu , honey crisp chicken and i love it !
( yes , they also deliver ! )
this is my favorite chinese food spot , it is family owned and run .
both are fast and food is always fresh .
pretty good .
delivery is good and always nice .
we moved to the neighborhood behind the restaurant about _num_ months ago .
it is fast and easy and the food is delicious .
my favorite is the pork fried rice !
so darn good !
owners and employees always really friendly .
this place is really a cut above the rest .
just good , clean chinese food .
their honey crisp chicken is the best !
great service !
and they do delivery too !
seriously my fav place .
love the owner too .
and love that they added a white meat chicken menu .
the food is delicious .
so glad i found it !
food is fresh and the service is always good .
good for lunch & dinner , dine in & take out .
lots of flavor in all their dishes .
excellent place to come and enjoy healthy servings of chinese food !
simply awesome !
my new favorite chinese restaurant in chandler az .
always good food !
i enjoy eating here !
had a good and affordable meal with my family !
give it a try !
this is a really good place to get chinese food .
they give really great service too .
yum yum !
first time , place is good , service is friendly , restaurant is clean .
most recently the honey crisp chicken was fantastic .
drive-thru is amazing !
love this place , never had a problem with the food or service .
she 's great and she cares .
this is a nice store with everything i need .
watch the ads and you can find some great deals !
so buy local and help the community .
always good produce and deli .
great breakfast at the deli .
most employees are very good to the customers .
manager does a great job with the store .
great store .
clean , friendly service and good prices !
their ads are great , keep an eye out !
my favorite are the produce sales .
i get pretty much everything filled here .
i 've been going on wednesday nights mostly and he has been wonderful .
always in a good mood and quick to help .
he honestly loves his job and is a total asset to this store .
it made me so happy and i got to my destination on time !
thank you for the amazing and prompt service , bashas ' !
i also love that bashas ' is a local , family owned grocery store !
nice people .
easy to work with .
and happy to talk cash prices .
very good dentist .
wow !
i 'm so happy to have found this office .
the staff is so friendly and welcoming !
honest and upfront on prices and amazing work .
i love the staff and service .
if you have n't scheduled an appt it 's a must !
the whole staff is extremely friendly !
the office is very clean , organized and nicely decorated .
the doctor was very kind and professional .
the whole billing process was very smooth and they explained everything in detail .
the staff is very friendly and professional .
what great work , great staff , great service ... and much appreciated !
i hate having to go to the dentist but i love my teeth .
all procedures have gone well and as pleasant as possible .
the office is very clean and the technology is up-to-date .
the overall service & care here has been excellent .
highly recommend .
the customer service in this office is amazing .
she is awesome !
i would highly recommend this office .
thanks for the great service !
this is the best dental office i have ever been to .
so nice and friendly !
dr. a is the best .
love this office and everyone who works here !
i recommend this office as the best dentist in az !
i have to say , i was beyond impressed !
his recommendations were excellent and the care we received was amazing !
everyone in the office is very professional , sincere and kind .
very professional and friendly staff !
hygienist amanda is great !
my family is very pleased with all the treatment we have had so far .
i recommend them to all my friends and family .
this is food that just makes you feel good .
pita jungle features local art for sale on the walls .
it 's often fun to see what they have new in .
i 'll definitely be going back and recommending it to all my friends .
such good food , such good prices , such generous portions !
it 's more of a hot date spot at night .
thanks , pita jungle !
every other place i eat has to live up to pita jungle .
the staff is wonderful !
the live music is an added bonus .
but for the most part the food is excellent .
it has a good location with a waterfront patio and live music .
but , the food is simply great and worth waiting for .
i feel very fortunate to live so close to my love , pita jungle .
lots of great veg friendly options , also a bonus !
this place is great in ambiance and food .
oh so rich in flavor and so good .
one of the most consistent lunch spots in chandler .
great mediterranean food in arizona .
both are very delicious and the price is very reasonable .
service is laid back and casual and food comes fast .
all in all a great place for friends or a date .
healthy fresh food , great prices , great service , creative atmosphere .
mmmmm , i love pita jungle !
just make sure you get a plate and silverware before your food !
great tasting .
excellent prices .
this is such a great place with a great food selection .
it is so close but yet so far !
the food is excellent , authentic , and inexpensive .
there hummus is incredible and i also recommend their beef gyro and pesto pizza .
pita jungle is one of my favorites because the food is great and healthy .
i have n't found a favorite dish yet , darn ... more research needed .
nice thing was i took it home and still had _num_ servings .
awesome !
awesome and filling !
spinach and _num_ cheese quesadilla ... tasty !
go for dinner on a first date with a cute girl .
will definitely go to again .
very good food , nice atmosphere , amazing hummus .
the food and the service have always been good .
i like this location the best.
it has a more local , hipster vibe .
they have art for sale by local artists decorating the walls .
wow .
this places is incredible .
i can honestly say that everything on the menu is wonderful .
love this place .
great vegetarian meals , always a great evening .
even the kids love it .
being from chicago , i know good food .
eating outside by the lake is the best .
tastes fresh and delicious .
it is a win win .
i recommend their falafel sandwiches .
but the food is phenomenal !
our server was great and on top of things .
love this place !
the falafel and hummus is delicious here !
so yummy , i always ask for more .
still worth it .
and it is simply amazing !
the food is awesome !
absolutely everything on the menu sounds delicious !
the cilantro jalapeno hummus i had is outstanding !
simply amazing .
every ingredient is so flavorful and the food just melts in your mouth .
it was a great portion and just for $ _num_ !
i crave their hummus so have to go regularly .
i 've been enjoying their incredible food for over _num_ years now .
rest assured , the food is consistently amazing , it 's just the service .
, however , has always impressed me with impeccable service .
love this place .
eat here at least once a month .
i do so love pita jungle !
love the ice tea there .
very good food options , many are healthy .
hummus and spicy chicken wrap are the best .
mango shrimp is good .
service is much better than it was years ago .
moving in the right direction .
the food at pita jungle is really good .
i love everything i have had there .
the place is pretty nice looking .
the lake view is nice .
the place is clean and the food is good .
the food is awesome .
its excellent food and hands down the best in chandler .
i come here often with friends .
def reccomend , i keep going here with friends .
also , this place is always packed and very noisy .
been here _num_ times and everytime i 've enjoyed what i 've had .
very local and fresh , kind of a hipster type of place .
love this place !
great outdoor patio with misters , looking out to the lake .
and to top it off , their prices are very reasonable .
a great value for the whole family !
great spinach pie , awesome hummus , large portions , nice view .
the service is great and everything we have had has been excellent .
best spinach pie ever !
got ta love this place .
the broiled chicken salad is a favorite .
prices are good and people are friendly and know the menu well .
this is absolutely by far one of my favorite places to eat !
everything is prepared healthy and is absolutely delicious !
thanks pita jungle !
absolutely love this restaurant , excellent food and prices !
very good food .
beef gyros are always good here .
i 'd highly recommend a visit and many again .
i love the patio all year round and the staff is the best .
love love love eating here .
everytime i order here or stop in and eat it 's been great food .
service has been very good every time .
food is good and consistent .
definitely will keep going here .
eat here weekly and is consistently great .
great view !
great hummus and gyros .
tasty menu .
one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .
first off , the best happy hour deals in town .
the side plate of pita made everything that much better as well .
the interior is modern and lively .
will definitely be back !
it 's by far the best deal in town .
so worth it .
so nice .
hope to see you there .
really love the lake in the back !
i absolutely love the caramelized cauliflower !
great food .
i love pita jungle !
love pita jungle , especially this location !
it 's always delicious !
very satisfying .
love this place !
amazing food .
always fast take put .
the servers are always nice and attentive .
always always have the humus !
i have had half the menu , love it all .
healthy and delicious .
love this place !
it was a great dish !
it 's clean and the patio is great !
the patio faces a lake and it 's lit with cute lights .
food tasted great , fresh , and came out quickly .
the waitress was very very nice and very good .
friendly staff , great service and amazing food !
the atmosphere is great .
the service is great .
the food is great .
you will fit right in .
tonight i had the most awesome experience with donna our server !
the food is always good and i am never disappointing .
wow we never asked but she knew we were thirsty obviously !
never disappointed , always good !
always on point and delicious .
amazing service like that will always keep my coming back .
plus the food is amazing !
awesome service , food , value .
very clean and great set up .
got the green ice tea which was very fresh and glass regularly filled .
customer service is always an a+ !
they have our drink order down as well as our food order !
super friendly and they always cater to our needs !
we love this pita jungle !
always love coming here .
it 's always packed and the outdoor patio looks out over a nice lake .
service is always decent , nothing special .
the food was very good and the gyro that followed were huge and amazing .
will certainly be back for a tasty gyro .
i love this pita jungle location .
has nice patio overlooking the lake .
the customer service is excellent and the menu options are innovative fresh and healthy .
im def a true fan .
the building was so unique and i loved the decor in the place .
i got the greek salad , i highly recommend it !
the food is amazing and everything tastes so fresh .
i have loved everything i have tried there .
but that 's because it 's so good .
the service is pretty good also .
i highly recommend the garlic dip !
this place is always consistent .
i love the spin on some med .
delicious and laid back .
it was also a little warm inside .
i love their food .
you should try their happy hour .
very delicious .
salmon salad was also delicious .
would recommend & will be back !
i hope you guys can improve on it .
the food was amazing the falafel sandwich was great and the hummus was amazing .
great food , super healthy .
excellent artichoke pasta salad and green lentil soup , service is always great !
please open a store in casa grande !
love this place .
this place has a great wit staff .
i highly recommend .
love the good and the ambiance .
however , i made my wife happy & agreed to eat there .
wow , it was amazing i was shocked by how good it was .
the hummus & chicken was delicious as well .
the food is always fresh and made to order .
the staff is super friendly .
the greek salad is amazing and that dressing !
it 's the best !
the location is right on the water and i love it here !
the atmosphere of the restaurant was upbeat and charming .
there was no meat in it but it was still very filling .
the best part was the dressing .
the result was amazing flavor and freshness that just blew me away .
lunch to dinner , i still feel that the service is consistent .
this place has a nice patio with a great view .
the online website is vegan friendly as well as the menu itself .
good atmosphere .
lovely lake to look at .
the food was very tasty and our server was very friendly .
the food is always so fresh and tasty .
the hummus and gyros are my absolute favorite .
i really enjoy the falafel too .
went here for lunch today and everything i ate was amazing !
the chicken was moist and had excellent flavor .
now that 's quality services .
also , their baklava is amazing !
this location in particular is great with the patio overlooking the lake .
its the best !
come alone , bring a friend , or the family .
had a great lunch here today .
and a fun atmosphere .
i love their humus and chicken plate ... so good !
their green tea is awesome too !
the food is always great !
everything on the menu here is outstanding .
food and service much better the second time around .
food is delicious and healthy .
service is fantastic .
if the weather is nice , definitely do sit outside .
trendy and great food .
love the live music on the weekends .
great location .
i like it , a great change of pace from the norm .
love the tuna , always tasty and light .
the ingredients are fresh and flavor is delicious !
waitress suggested the baklava bread pudding and it was very good .
love pita jungle !
we just moved from ny and do n't know of too many places .
i got a delicious bean burger the last time .
servers are super friendly and attentive .
most definitely will be back for a quick , healthy meal .
i live and work close to this location and they know me here .
i am a regular diner with them and i highly recommend pita jungle !
first time eating at a pj and this one was pretty good .
he 's a pizza nut and said it was really very good .
it 's just one of those special places that never gets old !
great service and always great food !
thanks , amanda !
definitely come back again !
pita jungle is one of my favorite places to eat .
the food is consistently delicious , the portions generous and the service impeccable .
a reliable go-to spot .
so delicious .
garlic potatoes are amazing .
and the outdoor seating is a great feature on a nice evening .
such a good choice on so many levels .
worth a taste .
love pita jungle !
their roasted bell pepper hummus is the best .
their chipotle pizza is great as well .
almost equally as good !
perfect service , great staff .
will be back here !
this is a very consistent , and solid place to eat .
one of my favorite lunch places to go !
great food , reasonable prices , great service !
found this place with yelp reviews and it did not disappoint !
all _num_ of us loved our food .
fresh , yummy , and great service and price !
absolutely delicious food .
everything is so fresh , and literally everything they have is amazing .
great food , location and staff .
the pita sandwiches are great , too .
one of my favorite places .
i love it here .
has a great atmosphere and i love when they have special theme night .
trivia night , karaoke , and holiday get togethers are always fun !
it 's always a good time regardless of how many people are here !
always nice good people to chat with .
i like this spot , always clean , good food and good service .
the atmosphere here was pretty good and the food was great .
we 'll definitely be back .
good food as well as good fries .
hilarious .
awsome first experience !
the service was exceptional !
thank you , jen .
the food was great !
we have found our new breakfast joint !
best value by far .
very nice people .
we loved the breakfast we had & left completely stuffed !
they have great biscuits & gravy .
great diner food !
the service on all _num_ visits was great .
i will definitely be eating at chase 's diner again soon .
the daily breakfast special is a good deal .
i really enjoy chase 's for breakfast .
a favorite .
it 's a nice place with a 50s theme including the booths and memorabilia .
the food is excellent if i could add more than _num_ stars i would !
crispy , deep fried goodness .
deep fried okra , awesome .
it 's important to understand that every business has their up and down days .
the majority of experiences i 've had at chase 's have been really great .
chase 's diner will always remain a favorite of my family .
great milkshakes , atmosphere , and bacon .
the waitress was a sweetheart as well !
love bringing the family .
staff is super friendly !
great breakfast deals and all time great service .
prices a little higher than other diners but food quality is good .
they are wonderful people !
highly recommend !
best version of a patty melt every !
they had about a dozen shake flavors , banana was amazing .
service was excellent .
cute atmosphere .
high praise for an exceptional establishment .
very respectable food and a very reasonable price .
their skillets are fantastic , especially the green chile skillet .
consistently great service , great food and decent prices .
the atmosphere is nice too , as long as you like diners .
breakfast prices have gone up , but still reliable as great comfort food .
best patty melt and strawberry shake ever !
service was fast and friendly and food was really good .
highly recommend this place .
i am in nostalgic heaven right now !
i really love these old diners and the ambiance they have !
the food here is really good !
wow .
we found our new breakfast place !
cute diner .
awesome staff .
the food was delicious with generous portions .
sausage links are so big and tasty .
we paid extra for whipped cream and strawberries , so worth it !
we love going here for a home cooked breakfast !
we 've had almost everything on the breakfast menu and we love .
i am so excited to have found our new sunday breakfast joint !
the food is delicious and reminds me of home .
excellent portions , friendly staff , and good prices .
a real diner in arizona !
steak and eggs done perfectly , with condiments in normal bottles on every table .
best breakfast special anywhere !
great service and always a quality meal .
a bit pricey , but good food and huge portions .
great food - great service .
my wife and i love going here .
the coffee is great .
this place is awesome , breakfast is so good and homemade taste .
literally the best place to eat ever .
a breakfast favorite !
friendly service and great food !
the food here is outstanding actual real turkey made here on site .
the chicken is also amazing !
this place gets five stars for me on food and outstanding service !
and did i mention the pie is amazing !
love the atmosphere and great service .
best bfast place going .
best value with weekday bfast special .
a slice of cake has to be eight inches tall .
the diner was cute .
the service was amazing .
it 's worth checking out for yourself .
music and atmosphere of the place is great .
exceptional breakfast !
prompt and quality cakes !
definitely will be a regular visitor here !
i love diners !
food is amazing !
country fried steak is made fresh everyday .
flavorful , hot , and just so yummy !
staff there are so nice as well .
i would rather give this place my business than a chain any day !
highly recommended .
best breakfast in az !
our server jen was amazing as well !
the price was great .
i was very happy .
great food - generous portions .
hollandaise needs work but best poached eggs i 've had .
spinach omelet a favorite and the home fries are excellent !
very friendly staff great food timely manner .
now it is about $ _num_ a scoop and worth every red penny .
the best ice cream ever .
my kids love going here .
nice , simple , and satisfying .
i 'd add an extra star if they had more seats .
it was wonderful to have the black cherry and mocha almond fudge again .
cool !
this water and ice store is owned by the nicest couple .
they are always friendly and smiling .
friendly faces , excellent prices , tastey ice cream !
just like it always has been .
the best part though is the friendly staff and the prices are right too .
we highly recommend this place !
i absolutely love this store .
they are so helpful and pleasant to be around .
love love love this place !
thrifty ice cream is the best !
not too far and just absolutely delicious !
hits the spot every time !
friendly staff as well .
they go out of their way to make sure you are happy !
the ice cream is delicious- they have a huge selection to choose from !
they are professional , caring and more than competent !
excellent service !
very caring staff , and i would be happy to recommend them to anyone .
thanks craig and i appreciate your help !
the staff is amazing !
their physical therapists are the best and their office staff is spectacular .
really appreciate the knowledge about the care i need while in a friendly environment .
outstanding !
thanks to curtis and the other technician 's my knee is healing nicely .
highly recommend !
their assistants are professional and fantastic hands .
have found the front desk and pt staff to be very helpful and professional .
appointments run on time and the facility is clean .
i miss einstein 's ... .
super excellent bagel .
love it !
but they are still good enough that i manage to overlook that .
it makes me a happy girl !
the service at this location is unbeatable !
i love einstein 's !
always fresh and always fast .
the workers are very nice .
the food is excellent !
came in today to talk about being given the wrong order previously .
good customer service .
it 's cleaner .
they make the food properly .
and the customer service has been much improved .
thanks bro .
dr. and staff are absolutely wonderful .
billing is on top of it with accurate quotes and insurance information .
it was a very good experience and i 'm glad we found this office !
they really go above and beyond here , and i highly recommend them .
great pediatric dentist !
always a great reception from a great staff !
our children love coming here and they always make us feel like family .
we love this place !
i really just love this place and recommend either dentist .
oh and billing is perfect .
just a great place all around .
the store has some great things to choose from and much to offer .
tasty steakhouse .
the coupon served it purpose !
i ordered the prime rib eye with salad and cream spinach .
i would recommend this restaurant to my friends .
food was good , service was good .
the prime rib was good , but the new york strip was superb !
i recommend the chocolate martini or the black and tan to drink .
while the happy hour selection is limited , the dishes are great !
good apps , bar service .
always good cuts of steak and good service .
my mom and i always have dinner here .
prime rib on wed nights is a tradition at black angus .
fantastic !
this place always has good food and service .
they offer such great food specials that ca n't be beat .
was very happy coming here .
saw everyone around me with a smile because of this guy .
keep it up .
we liked it overall , and would eat there again .
we had lunch there today and had an awesome experience .
so with that _num_ stars ... .
thanks black angus .
i love everything about black angus .
what an amazing place !
i will now be making this my regular spot .
the staff was friendly and efficient .
my food came out quickly and was delicious .
i will be telling the office about this place .
a manager stopped by to check on the service and was very genuine .
highly recommend it !
i 've had very good meals here .
and there 's fresh bread for each table .
my experiences there have all been very good .
food and service was great i recommend this place to friends and family .
our server jordan was right on point and very friendly .
will definitely come back again !
my very first visit to black angus and a love love relationship definitely began .
the food was on a rapid decline .
thanks !
fabulous fabulous fabulous !
we used to live in washington three years ago and moved to denver .
it was amazing and everything was perfect .
loved every minute .
dinner was so good .
thank you for my birthday gift .
thank you rachel .
we had a great experience here .
food was excellent , service was friendly , and patio was quiet .
great for a for a corporate chain !
great entrance and exit and immediately i thought he deserves a yelp .
i love their prime rib .
we are always seated quickly and the servers are very attentive .
i just love this place .
the service is excellent , and the food is consistently great .
it 's so crisp and tasty .
the ambience is nice and quiet .
my wife and i love the no rush romantic times .
steaks are great .
i had the prime rib with cesar salad and potato soup ( delicious ) .
great meal .
great dining experience .
the manager was wonderful understanding .
the server did a wonderful job which enhanced our date .
i highly recommend black angus .
the steak was perfect .
if you want a good steak they do have a great one .
the food is great and the service excellent .
the hamburgers are thick and juicy .
i luv wedge salads , and they supply an excellent one .
their steak soup is also very good .
food was delicious and served quickly .
both steaks were cooked perfectly and was juicy and tender .
everything was delicious .
the servers were friendly and fast .
for a great price .
we will definitely be back !
it was amazing .
it was exceptional .
the important thing is every item in every box arrived safely at its destination !
box , and send mail all from this location .
and the staff is friendly and helpful .
fast and courteous service !
i was greeted immediately and received fast and very friendly service .
great customer service and very convenient !
i highly recommend this location for your shipping needs !
very friendly staff .
always helpful with packing etc ... they do printing too !
thank you for your help !
he had very good taste and was very knowledgable about the layout .
your a great employee !
this place has been the best social place other than bar .
it 's a place that i have my business deal settled .
the family owned coffee shop .
funny , i do n't actually drink coffee .
but sometimes i love a good coffee shop .
high speed internet and delish scones , for one thing .
the caramel rush is delicious but heavy .
okay , your standard coffee shop .
i love , love , love this place !
the owners are very friendly and know people by name .
went here for joe and a fresh baklava this morning .
both were good .
been here 4-5 times now and the service has always been friendly .
since then , coffee rush has been a top priority to try .
parking is hard .
love the lake .
its beautiful !
cool .
service is quick and efficient .
worth !
this place is awesome !
it 's like i moved to my personal little heaven .
friendly , family owned .
definitely a fan .
great coffee , decent price .
i met a friend for some coffee here today , and it was perfect !
they were both delicious !
the service was very friendly and quick .
very cool to be recognized at your local coffee spot .
great location , great coffee , and great muffins !
decent coffee , great location .
downside : smokers !
everywhere !
friendly staff .
the customer service -- contrary to some of the previous reviews -- is excellent .
highly recommend it in the mornings .
have always had great service here and fast !
wow , how do i begin ?
i love coming to coffee rush .
i am happy i went to the coffee rush !
they got an amazing selection of coffees and drinks .
will be coming back and becoming a regular .
[ update ] - i am a regular and thoroughly enjoy coffee rush .
i really love this place .
the location is really awesome , being right next to a lake .
the best coffee shop in the valley .
good coffee , great people that run it .
the baristas & owners are all super friendly !
the baristas are nice but overly `` charming '' with the ladies .
nice location with ample parking .
love this place !
nice outside patio action , i bring my dog and people just love her .
free wi-fi , nice atmosphere inside as well .
family owned business and they take pride in their coffee .
coffee is tasty with a lot to choose from .
staff very friendly and helpful .
an awesome coffee place .
their drinks are delicious and the prices are good .
i love this place !
i love this place !
and the lattes have awesome flavor !
the main reason , the barista here is really cool .
i was quite surprised to find this gem and was grateful for the introduction .
it 's the same great family working there .
prices are certainly more reasonable than the competitor .
probably my favorite part about this place is the consistency !
best ever !
i also love that coffee rush is not a huge franchise .
i also enjoyed the large outdoor patio area .
plus , it 's shady !
love it here .
thank you coffee rush !
good place .
quality stuff & staff .
i have been going to coffee rush since the beginning times .
i love everything about this place & the other locations .
lastly , the coffee is the best coffee in the valley .
i recommend this place over any other coffee house in the valley .
i love this place and i love the lake view from the patio .
i love it !
great coffee !
big bonus : free wifi .
and it still maintains a pretty decent speed even when everyone 's on it .
consistently a very friendly and efficient staff .
the patio view of the water makes it a great atmosphere .
coffee 's great !
great coffee ... great location ... great atmosphere .
i highly recommend it .
i love this coffee place .
the chai tea is sooo freakin good !
i wish i lived closer so that i can go there every day .
great place to get a cup of joe and enjoy the scenery .
love this place !
great customer service and wifi availability .
coffee is average but i love supporting local businesses .
this place was great !
i found this place and ran over .
it is an awesome place !
the coffee taste amazing !
fantastic service .
very friendly staff !
best coffee shop in the valley !
the staff is awesome .
also the patio is perfect with a nice view of the lake .
still would be nice to be asked , though .
it always looks nice and clean when i 'm there !
amazing coffee .
my most favorite coffee house of all time !
always the most friendly staff and always consistent tasting drinks !
hot and i do mean hot coffee that is fresh and so good .
ample room inside as well .
very proactive , counters are always stocked and clean .
great little coffee shop .
it sits by a small lake that makes it a pleasurable relaxing experience .
first visit today -- and i loved it !
great americano , and barista was super friendly and fast .
atmosphere , staff and coffee are the best .
it gets pretty crowded so get their early ... .
rush to coffee rush !
the evening baristas are so friendly and will remember your drink .
hands down my favorite coffee shop , ever .
this particular location has a great patio on the water .
great caffeine free options if you do n't do the extra rush .
i was introduced to this place by a close friend of mine years ago .
love this place .
i love the drinks , atmosphere , and the service .
great offers on bulk coffee .
kids love them .
it 's all good .
check this place out !
good coffee .
i loved the chill atmosphere .
will be stopping by again soon !
service was good and our drinks were made in no time .
overall a good place for coffee .
service is always good .
always have good vibes .
favorite drink is summer time .
cute coffee shop right near the lake in the sprouts plaza .
always very friendly people at coffee rush .
good prices and good coffee .
my favorite !
he 's personable , friendly , speedy , and knowledgeable .
you 'll love double punch mondays !
nice atmosphere , good music .
check it out !
absolutely love this place !
fantastic location by the lake !
thanks for the personal experience .
the coffee is pretty good , though the name coffee rush makes sense .
always a great place for some coffee and great place to meet new people .
the customer service here is outstanding !
this is my favorite eastside coffee spot !
great service and great coffee !
atmosphere is pretty cool compared to your typical chain coffee shops .
italian sodas here are amazing !
wow .
the workers are welcoming and nice .
i love this place .
nestled perfectly next to a lake the vibe and the coffee are both quality .
i highly recommend to anyone looking for a fun relaxing place to hang out .
love it , love it !
great little coffee shop !
love this place and have been coming for years .
both the coffee and tea are delicious .
anyways , i definitely recommend coming here .
i had been to the coffee rush in gilbert and always enjoyed their coffee .
my favorite coffee shop !
great service !
this is my favorite coffee spot .
not only for great lattes but for the great guest service that is given .
great little coffee house off ray road .
the service was great and they gave us complimentary soup .
_num_ orange beef : the best i 've had !
you can also order special stuff too if you know what to order .
good luck !
the prices are amazing also .
their soups are excellent .
our favorite chinese restaurant in the area .
the service is top notch .
love it !
fresh , flavorful , large portions and good prices .
we come here for lunch and dinner and have always left satisfied and impressed .
but what they deliver is wonderful .
service super fast & the flavor still awesome !
always will love and go to this place .
amazing food and awesome price .
i recommend shrimp fried rice and pan fried noodles !
it was a great experience !
i had this with their fried rice -- also very good .
not happy !
i stopped in to pick up some professional thank you cards .
short and sweet experience .
this office depot was so helpful & accommodating !
thanks gals for a good experience !
omg this place was so great .
everything was so organized and i had a great experience .
this guy named austin helped me out and wow he is the best .
prices are very reasonable for the quality and amount of food .
the restaurant has an independent , family-owned feel ( rare in az !
good food .
my family and i love this place .
service is outstanding , which is unusual around here .
the sopapillas are a nice touch after the meal .
the vegetarian combination is the best !
very good value for your money !
good food .
really good if you are n't watching your weight .
sopapillas are really yummy as well .
* fantastic hot green chile .
* chips with _num_ great tasting dips .
salsas are hot , so be sure you have your water before you indulge .
the shredded beef is good .
the chicken is always good - all white meat !
this is by far my family 's favorite restaurant .
the service is always excellent and the food is consistantly outstanding .
the white dip that comes with the chips is crave worthy .
this is one of my favorite mexican food joints in town .
the food is consistent and savory .
the sopapillas at the end of the meal are always a wonderful treat .
the food was so good i made everyone go back the next day .
it was amazing , i almost cried it was so good .
the enchilada and burrito were perfect .
the chili con carne was delicious .
best mexican food in the valley !
family business from new mexico .
i really enjoy this place .
i will definitely return .
love the salsas and free sopapillas .
great place !
i 've been going here since the week it opened .
the food is better than average , somewhere halfway between authentic mexican and americanized .
i love the salsa selections and the chips are good .
no other joint has touched this place in my heart .
i much prefer the location in chandler .
the ground beef and shredded beef tacos are excellent .
it is soooo good .
their food is still good the second day .
the service is also good .
my family and i went for lunch this weekend and it was fantastic .
the wait staff was very nice and on top of things .
the chile rellenos are awesome !
really good mexican food .
i got a delicious combination of spiciness .
i love this place .
the green chili is the best i have ever had .
this place is great .
even the beans and rice are good !
their green chili dip is out of this world amazing .
a favorite of mine .
i do recommend this place .
the food was really good and the staff was friendly .
i like the atmosphere and it was clean .
one of the best places to eat mexican food in the area .
my favorite are the combo plates .
these guys do it right !
the other dishes are pretty standard but good .
the service is also good .
i love how each dish comes with complementary sopapillas - sooo good !
real authentic food and not a bad price for good food .
my husband loves new mexican food and this place was amazing .
a friend of ours recommended it as she is a new mexican native .
love that they give you sopapillas .
i love this place .
the free chip assortment with your meal is always a hit .
the service is always quick .
this is a win .
super smooth , smokey , and a nice slow heat .
this place does new mexican cuisine very well and is worth your time .
this is one of favorite places for new mexico style mexican food .
they have good size portions of authentic mexican favorites at reasonable prices .
i love their enchiladas and sopapillas .
i also love the atmosphere .
it 's very relaxed and welcoming .
we will return in the future !
the burrito platter has a ton of food on it and tastes great .
authentic new mexican food .
this was my first time here and my server jacob was amazing .
my absolute favorite new mexico style food restaurant .
i love this place .
their chips and salsas are amazing .
i visit here wth my family often and its alway been great .
amazing food !
the prices are very reasonable and the entree sizes are generous .
the margaritas are very good and the servers are nice and attentive .
i ca n't even begin to to explain how good the food is here !
the food is hot , so be prepared !
my boyfriend got the green chile plate and it looked and smelled so good .
you will always take food home for leftovers .
mmmm new mexico style mexican food in arizona !
i have liked every meal that i have tried .
the rice is cooked well and has the perfect spices .
the service has always been kind and attentive .
great food !
also , their menu prices keep going up fairly often .
we loved this place !
i can see why they have so many good reviews .
all very spicy .
we will definately come back !
if you 're looking for authentic new mexico food this is the place !
very good !
i had the enchilada plate and it was tasty !
( sp ) that are a perfect finish .
great food .
definitely reminds me of new mexico !
green chile is very spicy .
i love love this place !
this place rocks !
my most favorite new mexican place .
i love the chips and dips and the large dinner portions .
i also love the free desert .
great .
i 've been twice and have enjoyed the food both times .
the sopapillas at the end are a nice touch .
i may have found a new favorite mexican food place in arizona .
put it on everything ... you wo n't be sorry .
this is hands down the best new mexican food in the valley !
it comes in the hot or mild variety and is so flavorful .
one of the finest southwest cuisine restaurants in the country in my opinion .
great menu , good service and absolutely consistent throughout the last _num_ years .
i really liked this place .
the food was good .
this is actually the best new mexican food in the valley .
good mexican food .
i love good green chili , and these guys do it right .
the best part is you can get either pork of beef .
i had the beef today for lunch and it was great !
great food one of the best in the valley that we have found .
the food is so authentic and tasty .
they are always busy but services is fast and friendly .
prices are reasonable and the have some great lunch specials .
this place does not disappoint and keeps me coming back .
my favorite is the hot green hatch , they are spicy and very flavorful !
one of the best places to eat !
the salsas are the best .
great mexican family restaurant !
amazingly delicious mexican food .
this is the best mexican food in all of arizona .
consistently good food .
sopapillas at end of meal are awesome .
love how spicy everything is .
the chip platter is excellent and we loved the sopapillas after dinner .
great food , really like the green chile burger .
after your meal which are delicious .
i loved this place !
their green chili is super spicy .
love it !
the atmosphere is perfect .
i was pleasantly surprised .
the service was great and fast !
very good , authentic mexican food .
very yummy !
awesome lunch specials !
the food is so flavorful .
you can tell it 's quality ingredients .
the customer service is always great here .
one of our favorites !
you can tell everything is homemade and fresh .
so tasty !
chips are always fresh .
delicious .
i really have been satisfied with the service and quality each time .
amazing .
best green chile con carne in town .
excellent food .
: ) the enchiladas i had were very good .
chips are always fresh .
delicious .
i really have been satisfied with the service and quality each time .
it is absolutely phenomenal .
i highly recommend it .
so good !
amazing hot and mild green chili !
chips are awesome and meal comes with four different salsas and free sopapillas !
pretty damn good !
this place was fantastic !
we love our mexican food and this really hit the spot .
everything was really great .
service was fast as well .
love it !
perfect !
good mexican food , i come here often to have tried most things .
fast , and good food .
it 's always a good taste of home .
everything was delicious and the hatch chilies give it the right amount of kick .
it was delicious !
i love chili rellenos and they make the best .
best ever hotel meal in our decades of travel .
my favorite place in chandler for _num_ years .
the staff is excellent .
the restaurant is always clean .
great salsa with four dips and free sopapillas .
green chile is amazing !
also , the happy hour is great and they have a kids menu .
if everything was n't amazing enough , our entree came with free sopapillas !
amazing !
the enchiladas are the best !
their chile is great .
service is always pretty bad and slow , but it 's worth it .
all the sauces were seasoned perfectly and super flavorful .
service was good .
left happy .
this is a gem .
good little place to go and eat .
the warm tortilla chips with _num_ different dipping sauces are the best part .
it was just delicious .
the food was great and margaritas were really good .
i was visiting az and a coworker recommended this place to me .
will definitely visit again when in arizona .
best mexican food in the east valley !
prices are decent .
if you 're a chili head then you 'll love the food here .
this place is delicious .
great lunch menu if you swing in on your break .
they have the best new mexican food in the valley so far .
the service is always great too .
i absolutely love this place .
always a _num_ .
this place is the best mexican food i 've had in many years .
their red and green chile is amazing .
tamales and chile rellenos are so tasty .
it 's worth the drive .
the food was very good but very spicy .
the sopapillas were amazing !
best chips and salsa and sopapillas in town !
plates come out hot and delicious !
the huevos rancheros are also very good .
the service was kind and very welcoming .
have eaten here many times , it is new mexican food .
the chips and salsas are really great .
good food at a good price .
the food is always amazing at this place and the staff is friendly .
authentic new mexican food right down to the question !
the white is unique and tasty .
fully echo other yelper ' s comments about excellent service .
my new favorite in phoenix .
nice east valley location too !
i love this place !
i highly recommend this place to anyone that loves red and green chile .
it is my favorite restaurant in the east valley .
the food and service has been consistently good .
they serve the best green chili i 've ever had in az .
wonderful !
amazing authentic mexican food , quick excellent service !
she was so friendly and full of great recommendations !
absolutely delicious !
chips were warm and fresh , salsas all spectacular !
we will definitely be back asap !
first time at this restaurant and it 's delicious !
new mexican flare and spicy .
so amazing !
solid service if not a tad quite .
absolutely the best mexican restaurant !
it 's just as good .
the green chile is hot and enchiladas are fantastic .
she is amazing with the needles .
acupuncture is both an art and a science .
she also has herbs .
she is very experienced and thorough with all that she is doing .
nancy gives an awesome massage and william gives a fantastic body work session .
highly recommend this practice to others .
she takes insurance and you can also pay cash and credit card .
chinese medicine is fantastic and a great change from western medicine .
she is very experienced on needles .
the last couple times that i went in there i had great experiences .
i was greeted with smiles .
the employees were friendly and nice .
best experience i 've had in a service store .
she deserves a raise .
we had a great experience at this cox location .
worth the drive .
nice , unassuming .
does great work .
this guy will take one look , make a mark and done .
perfect every time .
love it .
ahhh , my favorite place for tailoring !
service is fantastic and you can count on your clothes being ready when promised !
the store is clean and has an upscale feel .
aladdin is knowledgeable and friendly .
they are great at difficult jobs or specialty items too !
the work is high quality and well done , highly recommend it to everyone .
extremely professional , and they really know their stuff .
this place rocks .
he helps you know what to look for in a suit .
customer for life !
aladdin was amazing !
thank you !
i found this place thanks to other yelpers .
i was thoroughly impressed !
this place is awesome !
i took my prom dress here and they did a wonderful job !
what can i say about this place but it is wonderful !
best tailor i 've found in the valley .
i would highly recommend their services to anyone at this point .
thank you again !
the guy who helped me both times was very nice .
they did a great job .
the price was very reasonable and they finished in a timely manner .
great materials and good work .
they did an outstanding job .
it was perfect and done far faster than scheduled .
quite inexpensive and very friendly .
love this place !
but thank you guys again , i will be bringing in more business !
i was happy i went with my choice .
i am happy with them , i will definitely go back .
it was a clean , organized and i was nicely greeted by kim .
love this place they do quality work .
very happy with the service , quality and pricing was reasonable .
love this little shop !
very fun store !
love this office !
i love dr. french !
i love taking me children to their office .
they are clean , the office staff is efficient and kind .
all are eager to help .
she loves children and makes them feel so good every time we come in .
she makes them feel comfortable and safe right away .
so happy with her help !
polite and professional caring and patient .
my kids love the decor and appreciate how kind and gentle you are .
this is a great office to go to if your a naturally minded parent .
shes awesome and my kids think shes the best .
what a great practice !
they are easy to get a hold of and get us in right away .
they always treat my children with kindness and never rush .
the prices are great and the food is terrific !
the employees are great and attentive and the restaurant is clean - big bonus !
it 's great !
i will definitely eat here again .
excellent food .
everything else is great and prices are reasonable .
i was very pleasantly surprised .
they are always friendly and attentive .
i could eat _num_ of these and still want more .
i love this restaurant .
very cheap , very clean , the food is sooo good .
the staff is very friendly and attentive .
the environment is very comforting .
i recommend this place to anyone who loves cheap but tasty mexican food .
excellent cheap mexican food that tastes as good as any mexican restaurant .
great place .
nice ppl .
a little pricey but worth it .
rice and beans great as well .
we love mucho taco !
the mole chicken special is our favorite !
always good and dependable nachos and tacos are good .
i do n't ever need to wait for a table .
the food is always fresh and available .
i love the enchiladas and fish tacos !
the burritos are pretty good too .
family owned , nicest people .
amazing chips and salsa .
amazing drinks and food .
i was very impressed .
we love , love , love the carne asada taco 's at this place .
i guess that is why garcia 's and serrano 's are so popular .
great tacos and burritos .
excellent tacos el pastor and fresh tasty salsa .
speedy friendly service .
i 've been here once and the food is pretty good .
it took them awhile to make them , but well worth the wait .
the place was nice and clean and no real issues .
absolutely amazing !
i must say - i finally hit the jackpot .
best chicken fajitas in the valley !
amazing !
tasty and not greasy at all .
great place to eat the staff is always friendly .
the food is also great my favorite are their tacos .
their carne asada burritos are also very good .
this is my home away from home .
it 's small , but really has a nice atmosphere .
best tacos ever !
love this place !
their menudo is also delicious .
definitely a place you need to try !
always fresh and delicious !
friendly service .
this is a chandler gem , hosting authentic mexican flavors and dishes .
the tortillas are homemade and so delicious !
the tacos are so good they will break your mouth !
a small little mom and pop restaurant , but they are the best !
authentic real deal !
been here several times and the food has improved .
i had some very tasty enchiladas and some great nachos .
definitely better than filibertos .
super yummy !
great street tacos , salsa and service .
perfect taco shop .
enchilada sauce and beans were very authentic .
loved the rice .
soft and flavorful .
the free chips and salsa are fresh and delicious .
wonderful food .
not just because of the large portions but because the food is spectacular .
great place for lunch or dinner if you are a true foodie !
it 's perfect .
brought me back to life .
mucho chimichanga is super good too .
something special about this place .
just ... fine .
probably the best salsa i 've ever had .
the al pastor is also great , and the carne asada , too .
great food and friendly staff .
excellent tacos .
both were delicious and fresh .
reasonably priced with free chips and salsa which were also very good .
reasonable prices and clean too !
one of our families favorite places .
nothing fancy just great food !
bravo mucho taco !
this is my favorite starbucks !
still , overall , good location .
probably my favorite location to come to .
everyone is great and friendly and my drinks are always perfect .
worth the hour drive for me !
always friendly , always knows my drink .
great location , so close to my home .
the staff is extremely friendly and fast service .
i love this location !
great location !
the staff was very friendly and had fast service .
had a gift card so decided to use it here .
my drink was great .
the chocolate flour less cookie is a good treat too .
one of my favorite starbucks locations .
despite being a corporate coffee house , this location has a great neighborhood feel .
overall , love having this starbucks as my regular coffee house .
the employees are amazing and my drinks are perfect .
nice .
friendly staff .
the best starbucks !
it 's on my way to work and the staff is always genuinely friendly !
definitely my favorite starbucks in the area .
i am absolutely in love with this location .
the staff members here are very kind and they value customer satisfaction .
easy access though and plenty of parking !
it 's the same is every other starbucks which is a good thing .
fabulous , fast , efficient .
nice experience .
look at this beautiful tasty drink .
chairs outside , nice day .
there are so refreshing on a hot day or just something to sip on !
thanks guys !
i returned two days later and they remembered me and my car right away .
they honored the original price quote and actually gave me a discount .
thanks guys for making this a great experience .
i love these guys !
thank you john and the team at brake masters .
the decor at all of them is very nice with a very comfortable atmosphere .
$ _num_ house margaritas are pretty good .
happy hour included a mexican buffet .
enchiladas , rice , beans , nachos , salsa .
pretty much dinner ... all very good , particularly for a free buffet !
that works .
our waitress shannon was great .
she was super attentive and had a great sense of humor .
i am very impressed with my results !
highly recommend !
dr. lee is the real deal !
kind , professional , affordable , and an absolute expert in his field .
love this place .
the cream smoothies are my favorite .
the customer service is always wonderful though .
it went everywhere !
five stars for this jamba juice , thank you !
always fresh juice .
always friendly customer service .
always clean location .
the fresh squeezed oj is unlike anything you 've ever tasted .
fresh made smoothies and delicious hot oatmeal .
this place is cool .
they are still gracious enough to make it for me .
one of my favorite quick and healthy breakfast spots .
it 's baked to a crisp with a hint of tasty vanilla flavoring .
this is a great example of how one person can make a difference .
amazing !
best jamba juice i 've been to .
all of the staff is very friendly and the wait is minimal .
the spinach and cheese breakfast wrap is so good .
keep up the great job !
please help us move all of our merchandise .
however , the past year has been a great experience .
the office is gorgeous , there 's no getting around that !
the ultra sound tech 's are the best !
i 'd recommend this group _num_ % !
beautiful , friendly and covered in pink .
great staff .
from the moment i walked into this office it had an incredible positive vibe .
it gave me so much peace of mind .
it truly did .
dr. villa is thorough and hilarious .
very knowledgeable and does what is best for you .
amazing amazing .
i found everyone to be pleasant and i loved the nurses and ultrasound techs .
thank you kim from the bottom of my heart !
kim ball is amazing and does great work !
i will never go to an asian nail salon ever again !
love this place !
she does a fantastic job !
i will definitely keep coming back .
prices are great and the salon offers you water or soda too .
all of the other ladies in the salon are always so friendly as well .
any way , best salon ever .
kendra takes so much care and is such a pro .
i love it , i love it , i love it !
curly hair girls , start lining up !
well almost a year into growing my hair i stumbled across this salon .
wonderful facility .
we were extremely happy with all of the therapists .
she truly cares for her patients and made a big difference for my mom .
i would highly recommend desert cove for your loved one .
everything in the facility and everybody was outstanding .
we have no complaints and our experience is always positive .
our experience with the dietary staff was excellent .
they are our family away from home .
dim sum is good .
pretty good chinese food .
great atmosphere .
the food was great as well .
dim sum mmm mmm good !
the prices were reasonable and all the food fresh and delicious especially the pastries .
love this place .
this place is great , come by and check it out !
very good , fantastic menu selection .
great selection on the dinner menu and seafood !
very nice staff and friendly environment .
two thumbs up !
see ya there !
the owner helped us with our budget , gave us a custom specialty order .
it was great !
the food was very good !
we have eaten here about _num_ times and will definitely come back .
still the best dim sum in the valley .
the food is always great .
service is always great .
my wife loves the orange beef .
the food is consistently quite good , affordable , and fresh .
the service is generally quite good as well .
fun and affordable !
this restaurant is and has been a great representation of chinese food .
it 's awesome and fun !
they have live fish and lobster tanks which are really good !
excellent food , service , and price .
i went there this past weekend with a friend and enjoyed their dim sum !
they had so much more variety then the one at the phx cultural center !
very friendly staff and owners .
great dim sum !
a little bit on the pricier side but always worth it .
it was a blast .
went here today for dim sum with a friend and we were very happy .
the food was excellent and the service very friendly and attentive .
we picked several items from the carts and all of them were very good .
everything was fresh and very good .
reasonable prices and good food .
authentic cantonese restaurant with great dim sum .
this is our new chinese restaurant !
this place always treats you like family even when it 's busy .
i love their sesame balls .
my belly sure was satisfied !
we will definitely be back .
it was appetizing !
my husband enjoyed the duck and he really did enjoy it .
the other people we were with enjoyed their food also .
but overall the place has delicious food from szechuan and cantonese style .
peak dimsum hours and i had such a different experience .
even my parents were impressed .
i really love the food here at this restaurant !
quite possibly the best restaurant in the greater phoenix area .
highly recommended .
the food is always good and really pretty consistent .
everyone is so nice and friendly .
the food is great too !
nice location , great food selection !
they just remodeling the inside , look much better !
only one thing is the food a little cool !
but i really enjoy it !
favorite dim sum in the valley .
it is much more flavorful than green tea .
the steamed bbq pork buns are my favorite item .
this is by far my family 's favorite go to spot for dim sum .
we absolutely love it and take friends and family as often as possible .
this place is my favorite spot for dim sum on the weekends .
the dinner menu is just as good , and the food is well-prepared .
the staff is friendly and the food is great .
but i enjoy coming out here anyway !
the bill can get very high , very fast though !
the servers are very friendly .
the food is yum always gets me stuffed and satisfied .
i love this place .
been coming for years and it 's always good .
i really enjoy their dim sum .
their dumplings are my favorite !
i really enjoy this place for their dim sum .
food is always hot and delicious when it comes to you .
they definitely have remodeled their place and it looks great .
i hear the regular food is amazing .
great place to hold private events .
we went to this restaurant for a wedding reception .
the dishes tasted good and came out according to schedule .
pleasant service .
very delicious spicy eggplant .
the best eggplant i 've had in a long time .
thanks for reading .
great food !
everyone enjoyed their food and cocktails .
drooling a bit just thinking about it .
it 's a huge seating area and almost full .
everything we had was really good .
all of it was so good .
this is still the best dim sum around !
a welcome alternative to corporate coffee ( read starbucks ) .
my double iced latte was perfect !
this particular coffee bean is my `` home '' coffee shop .
the customer service here is always tops .
see you there !
it was very comfortable and easy to find .
the coffee was good .
my favorite new place .
oh , and the speed of service is wonderful when your on the run .
great tea and free wifi !
we get this every time we are in the area and it is amazing .
i was so excited when i moved here and drove by it .
love coffee bean !
the people at this location are really nice , too .
it is just so damn delicious : ) .
i love this place and i love the staff .
my son loves their iced blended drinks .
i prefer a nice hot cup of coffee .
all were pretty good .
great coffee and snack selection .
they are friendly and efficient .
the location is clean and has plenty of comfortable seating .
the hot vanilla is my favorite thing in the world !
the best .
liked this place .
good coffee , very clean and bright .
nice atmosphere .
i recommend it .
wonderful coffee shop that i 'm making my regular work spot .
the coffee and tea drinks are great .
anyways , such a friendly environment .
thanks for amazing coffee and tea .
really enjoyed a simple iced vanilla latte .
thanks !
a nice alternative to starbucks .
great place to study .
the employees are friendly .
i love this place .
hazelnut americano is my favorite drink .
they are in a corner location with huge glasses windows all around .
the bathroom is usually clean and well-stocked .
best ice coffee i have ever had .
nice relaxing atmosphere and great service .
i 'm pretty satisfied with the resolution on my complaint .
the assistants who did the testing are great .
it is the best place that you can find asian foods in arizona .
lee lee 's rocks !
they also have a very fine selection of imported beer and sake .
good luck hunting !
this place is an amazing experience of sight , sound , smell and taste .
the produce is fresh and really inexpensive with more choices than you can imagine .
it is worth visiting for the experience if nothing else .
the place is huge , and always crowded .
in this case , crowds are good .
love and good times !
i love lee lee !
it has everything you need .
definitely the best oriental super market .
super selection , super price .
hard to beat !
i 'm so glad i found lee lee !
thanks again yelp !
its worth the drive and the experience .
she loves going there !
thank god there 's a good asian market in chandler !
totally cool .
i get all of my seafood there beef is good too .
the prices are great and the selection can not be beat .
i always find something new to buy and try .
okay people !
they sell like hotcakes so you better get there now !
the produce is varied and very good .
big selection and good ( sometimes unbelievable ) prices .
the produce sections rocks .
they also have a very good seafood selection .
my family 's favorite , for sure !
the fish selection is vast , fresh and reasonably priced .
solid meat and seafood offerings .
good prices .
right on , lee lee ... right on .
you simply have got to love lee lee 's .
let me sum it up for you .
owner is very nice and knows every item in the store .
i love this place .
see ya there !
wow !
the seafood is some of the best and freshest around .
love it !
more variety of dried goods and fresh products than the other markets .
fresh fish , fresh fish , fresh fish .
best place ever !
this place really has everything !
i also love to buy my sushi making supplies here .
but if you can push past the smell this is well worth the stop !
just incredible !
nice selection and prices compared to what is available in a standard market .
this place is great !
this was the most fun we had all weekend .
the quality of the produce was great .
there was so many things that i love and the selection was awesome !
good selection on everything asian !
their produce was diverse and inexpensive .
i love lee lee 's !
there is plenty of fish and assorted animals , the duck is especially delicious .
very interesting , i bought myself a golden elephant one time .
if you 're looking for chinese groceries , this is the place for you .
i always get something yummy here .
you will have fun !
they very friendly , and they help us .
the manager store tucson and peoria nice and helpfull .
i recommend lee lee market for you .
this is the best asian mart i have been to in the area .
i love coming here when i need to .
such a great oriental market !
unusual fresh produce and aisles of every kind of noodle and sauce .
fresh fish .
best supermarket in history !
great selection of asian and other country foods & ingredients .
prices are reasonable for the most part .
great supermarket !
they have an incredible ethnic variety from all over the world .
good selection .
can you say - flavor boost for any chicken required dish !
fresh live fish and in a package also .
beautiful produce , great selection of herbs .
i guarantee that it will be fish !
i love going to lee lee 's .
we like the variety and that they have indian food as well .
it 's always an adventure and always find something new to try .
the veggies are very fresh and very reasonable in price .
i still go here and will continue to go here .
the best place to buy all things asian .
the selection of vegetables is amazing .
when you go there , notice how fast the checkout people work .
found all my sushi equipment here as well !
my new favorite market .
so happy i made the trip .
it was well worth the drive !
i definitely will visit again .
lee lee 's oriental supermarket is something you really have to experience .
i love lee lee oriental !
it 's like a super aj 's but a lot cheaper and more variety !
great produce and lots of exotic fruits .
highly recommended to the home chef and the professional chefs too !
thank you !
hope they continue and i will keep going .
this place is the real deal !
i will definitely be coming back to lee lee 's in the future !
wow !
they carry all types and kinds of foods from all over the world .
i 'll definitely be coming back .
there is also a beauty kiosk near the front .
i 've enjoyed shopping at lee lee 's for years .
guess he did the best fillet job he could with a meat clever .
the fish was fresh and fried up nicely .
they have some really great fruit and vegetables as well .
i love this place .
if you 're looking for something from anywhere , it 's probably sold here !
and at a good affordable price too !
my favorite asian market in arizona !
huge aisles unlike many cluttered asian markets and good prices .
the staff has always done right by us as well .
super huge selection .
amazing !
delicious !
great fish selection and reasonable prices .
great selection of asian food and goods .
this place has the greatest random good craft beer for super cheap .
they 've also got a ton of sake options .
if you dont live nearby , take the drive , its worth it !
there is a bakery with lots of yummy items .
very good cake also .
i found one thai staff she is very helpful .
a good variety of international vegetables , spices , etc .
lee lee 's is a fine store with a lot of variety .
i mostly purchase produce and meat !
clean and well organized .
this place has everything .
the the produce and meats are very fresh !
i was very impressed with the selection of everything .
best selection quality and prices on fresh fish in the east valley .
i enjoyed the bakery as well .
the smell can be off putting but is part of the charm .
the most organized asian super market in town .
stephanie at az hair company is amazing !
my color is gorgeous and my cut is just perfect .
my hair has never looked this good or felt this great .
i was very happy with the service there .
the staff was friendly and fast .
i have been here twice and have left happy with the results both times .
he does such a great job !
very thorough and the end result is fabulous !
the staff was very friendly and nice !
i love their attitudes and my hairstylist was perfect !
thank you thank you !
and does it all with a wonderful sense of humor !
he is an honest doctor with vast knowledge in his field .
he has the best bedside manner and visited me several times in the hospital .
he is incredibly knowledgeable and is clearly very experienced .
very honest folks !
will definitely come back !
thanks to mike and chase for their help !
what i did get repaired was done well at a very good price .
they were so amazing .
so amazing .
i appreciate their honesty and showing me the pads and rotors etc .
will definitely come back when i do need some work done .
thank you i will be back !
this place is honest , their all helpful and friendly .
but their honest and really do a good job .
their employees and manager are friendly , honest and hard working .
would def recommend this business to anyone .
had an appointment , but got here 1/2 hour early and got right in .
would definitely recommend this place !
i love the greek festival and look forward to it every year .
it 's a great weekend for all you `` foodies '' out there .
the food is good .
the dancing and singing is also good .
this place is amazing !
i love going here .
the staff is wonderful and the good is great !
i love this place !
great food , service , atmosphere , and prices that can not be beat !
there sushi is some of the best i have had in town .
everything is fresh and flavorful .
the atmosphere is fun and the staff is great .
we always have friendly & prompt service as well .
but its good food , made by real sushi chef 's from japan .
great sushi , great all you can eat prices , overall an outstanding place !
i love this place !
i love these people !
ninja offers great food at an unbeatable price .
l will be going back with more friends ... .
worth the money .
the waitresses were so very nice !
victor is the best haha , you just have to go and find out .
they are always accommodating for our lively group ( usually drinking ) .
great place for birthdays .
love me some ninja !
this is my all time favorite sushi spot .
the wait staff are amazing and the food it delicous .
yes please .
ninja is the best sushi in town !
i love going here and the staff is always friendly and helpful .
i love this place !
food and service were amazing , even with one server .
they do have a bar and pour strong drinks .
enjoyed my experience , will go back .
ninja is my favorite sushi place in the east valley .
great sushi spot .
nice staff and wonderful food .
all you can eat sushi was great , not to mention sake bombers .
older establishment but good service and food .
our teppan chef was really friendly .
the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
one of my favorite restaurants .
they are a locally owned place with very friendly staff .
i 've tried other sushi places but this is still my favorite .
try the sweet and spicy roll !
it is freaking tasty .
i believe the price quality were reasonable and everyone was very friendly .
this place is quaint , clean , and staff is very polite .
chicken katsu was crisp and fresh .
sushi was well chilled , and fresh .
it was flavorful and very light , great for summer in az .
i will become a regular .
best sushi place in phoenix !
over all great service .
amazing sushi .
this place fills up on the weekends .
good sushi and great main dishes .
they have a teppanyaki area as well that looks great .
so great value .
also try the red bean ice cream its wonderful .
all fresh made so it takes a little while but it 's worth it .
so this is a filler .
other than that this place is simply amazing .
great job ninja !
delicious sushi !
i was pleasantly surprised .
the sushi was perfect !
love the sashimi here !
very fresh and friendly service !
we love coming in for all you can eat !
sushi rolls are fresh and tasty .
good food and good drinks .
ninja has a great selection of sake and asian beers .
customer service at its best !
the rolls are fresh , tasty and come out quickly .
the pieces are completely reasonable and its in an easy access location .
please come see these people and ask for joey !
awesome !
service was friendly and timely both times i 've been .
this place was absolutely delicious .
we got a groupon and decided to give it a go .
you get delicious dinner and a show !
the chef was super friendly and cooked our seafood perfectly .
definitely recommend !
love the all you can eat sushi .
but sushi is excellent .
was super friendly and looked so nice in his pressed shirt and tie .
he ran the place so well , we thought he might be the owner !
the sushi was affordable , fresh , and delicious .
great vegas roll !
the food was good .
my wife and i really enjoy the japanese sushi bar atmosphere at the ninja .
my current sushi favorite is the volcano roll which is a spicy hot salmon .
awesome place to go to , they had really great sushi .
it is also the best to go there when it is not busy .
loved it !
awesome place to go to , they had really great sushi .
it is also the best to go there when it is not busy .
loved it !
food is great at reasonable prices .
willing to work with large parties and friendly service .
the spider roll is my favorite and the philly roll is my boyfriends favorite .
we enjoy their nigiri selection before and after our rolls .
the tempura platter has a great variety of vegetables and a pineapple lol .
the filet mignon was a perfect medium , and unbelievably tender .
filled up my hungry cravings and i was very satisfied .
i will definitely be coming back to this place .
always a fan of ninja .
this is the best !
this place is great .
their sushi is amazing .
the rolls are great .
do the all you can eat !
well worth it .
the staff are so sweet .
my daughter loves the ninja turtle roll .
omg the best sushi in town .
excellent service and great food .
oscar is the best chef in town .
highly recommend .
i 'm asian , have a pregnant white girlfriend and we love this place .
very good service , respectful of groupon deal .
helpful and made the portions a good size .
will definitely return .
all you can eat sushi !
my favorite sushi place hands down .
i love the all you can eat , it has a very large selection .
this is a hidden gem !
the teppanyaki was fantastic !
oscar did a great show for us and cooked our food to perfection .
we will definitely return soon .
really nice people , always treated me very fair .
good services and reasonable prices .
the staff of always very pleasant .
i would definitely refer anyone to this office .
they make you feel very comfortable and not rushed .
great office !
i will definitely recommend to friends !
they help you learn to be the best version of yourself .
and it is working !
it works when i work it .
very clean and organized environment .
will recommend to friends and family !
after doing a fair share of internet research i found this local business .
very friendly , knowledgeable and not pushy !
the store is very clean & organized .
i would recommend them for their big selection and great customer service .
great business !
fantastic customer service .
fast delivery and set up .
waited for my chair , but well worth it .
good service , appreciate the follow up .
the bright colors and decorations immediately caught my eye .
customer service is fantastic !
and it has held up well .
amazing !
super helpful and patient !
i love going to this family owned business .
paradise juice is a great family owned and operated business .
i also had the works and it was exactly what i was craving .
the kids size is perfect ... .
it 's filling , refreshing and delicious !
highly recommend .
the people who work here are super friendly .
i promise you will leave happier than when you came in .
great menu full of delicious smoothies , and add in vitamins .
good indoor seating and outdoor tables .
the store is almost always packed with customers when i go .
paradise juice is really good ... seriously .
all of their smoothies are amazing and made with fresh ingredients .
blows smoothie king out of the water and is a step above jamba .
affordable , fresh , and has a fantastic scent that flows thru the store .
my friend and i had a fantastic lunch after our hike .
we split a smoothie and a sandwich the tuna was great .
i love sprouts on a sandwich .
the service is incredible and they split our smoothie and lunch for us .
i will return many times .
this is my favorite smoothie shop around !
their sandwiches are great and the smoothies are heaven .
prices are reasonable and the service is great .
i was so happy to find this place !
huge selection of juices , smoothies and fresh salads and other food .
it is family run and owned and i really dig that .
this place has excellent smoothies and good sandwiches .
i love the smoothies here .
its like a jamba juice but with heart .
the juice was fantastic !
pretty nice place .
i 'd definitely come back here , given the chance .
on a hot phoenix day especially after a work out , it was perfect !
i noticed that paradise is family owned and operated , great service !
best smoothie bar in the state !
everything i get is healthy , fresh , and delicious !
paradise juice is awesome !
delicious juice .
the staff is as good as it gets !
one of my favorite lunch places in the neighborhood .
i like to try a new one each time and it 's always great .
great place and always busy .
prices are very reasonable for fresh juice .
i like the layout , it 's cute and simple .
my smoothie was very good , i 'll be back to try more .
they have great salads & sandwiches , too .
they 're selection of protein bars and waters are top of the line !
the family who owns this place is so nice .
also their juice is excellent whether its off the menu or custom .
so healthy and so good !
we 're happy we did .
love this place !
the family who owns it is wonderful and the smoothies are great .
this place is seriously amazing !
hands down the best smoothies in town !
if you like bananas the banana split smoothie is delicious !
all in all a great place !
thank you my staff always great service fresh food and a chill atmosphere .
the best smoothie shop in the valley .
i really love this place .
nice location , nice people inside , what more do you need ?
i have tried many of the smoothies and they are all amazing !
i also love that it is a family owned business !
excellent juices .
this is my go to smoothie shop after working out .
consistency is spot on every time .
owner is so very kind !
the all in one smoothie is the most amazing smoothie i have ever had !
love this place .
the quality of the bowls are very good .
this place makes the best smoothies .
the fruit is fresh and yummy !
they are always friendly and quick service .
easily one of our favorite spots and the owners are wonderful !
this is a great place to get a fresh juice drink !
staff was very friendly as well !
everyone is super friendly and they have quiche !
and it 's good quiche .
i love their lighter menu and i love love love their muffins !
great job at mimi 's all of them are great .
good food .
decent prices .
i really love coming here for breakfast .
the buttermilk pancakes are so soft and warm .
one of the best places to go for pancakes .
the fresh oj is my favorite , i ca n't get enough of it .
the muffins are fresh and moist and did i mention very good ?
nice family atmosphere , decent food , decent prices .
always get to go , and this was perfect .
best takeout salad ( aside from oregano 's ) .
got the cobb salad with honey mustard , perfect .
will definitely be back !
i love mimi 's .
always good !
awesome little bar inside .
the spicy bloody mary 's are nice and they have very creamy crepes .
food here is always good .
always a fan of mimi 's !
no matter which location we visit , the food is always top notch !
service is always great and we 'll be there again this weekend !
mimi 's is great for some down home food ... good for a chain .
always a great place to fall back on !
really love the carrot raisin muffins , omelettes , and french onion soup !
i love the french toast and bacon my favorite !
the food is always hot and fresh .
it also comes with a muffin of your choice .
we have been here multiple times and the service is always spectacular !
he was super attentive and extremely nice !
hostess could be more friendly and professional .
the food and environment is exceptional .
service was fine .
nice menu will return ... .
it was great !
our server liz was wonderful !
the manager marco was a pleasure to work with .
always a good place for a meal too good .
we were n't but it 's nice to have the option .
we always love coming here for breakfast .
the staff are always warm and pleasant and willing to serve .
food is good quality and generally served just the right temp .
great coffee and their bakery is fantastic .
comfortable and clean .
the salads are pretty good .
always good service and it 's always clean and pleasant .
the line was short and as always the food was very very good ... .
relaxing and perfect .
we enjoyed are meal and the waiter was very friendly .
i 'll be back to enjoy another yummy meal .
it was perfect .
everyone was friendly and the service was terrific .
the food was good .
she is just a sweetheart .
thanks to mimi 's in chandler for providing a great experience this morning .
a nice feature is mimosas ( $ _num_ ) are available !
the pancakes were huge and it came with a side and a drink .
also , it was nice that regular lunch items were available too .
the ambience is nice and the noise level fair .
everyone who works there was so nice .
we had a good time !
heck , i liked them better than the eggs !
for a sweet treat , we ordered the orange creme french toast .
this place is very good !
all meals came out great and timely !
will definitely be going back !
eggs perfectly cooked .
delicious thin bacon , not thick and chewy like a lot of places .
new favorite breakfast place .
i was sooooo pleased !
he was charming , professional and personable .
do n't lose him , he 's one of the good ones .
my mom spent two weeks there and i loved the place .
this is probably the best sushi you can find in the valley .
the pork spare ribs were delectable with a slightly crunchy sweet crust .
the place is not cheap , but it is worth it .
my girlfriend surprised me with a birthday dinner at shimogamo .
we had several rolls and nigiri , and our favorite was the oyster roll .
the seafood was very fresh and well-prepared .
service was swift and efficient .
i highly recommend this restaurant !
great food , great service .
excellent quality and yes , you pay for quality sushi .
the owner , wait staff and chef are always friendly and extremely attentive .
great place and very unexpected for chandler !
super cheap and amazing , true japanese comfort food .
the sashimi was fresh .
the unagi was delicious and the cut rolls were heavenly .
in a desert state , finding sushi this fresh is an exciting surprise .
shimogamo was impressive .
fun atmosphere , intimate setting , friendly staff , and above all incredible food .
will definitely be going back ... a lot .
this place was a great find !
the nigiri was excellent .
i love that they let you pick your own sake glass too .
we will definitely be back to shimogamo !
authentic as it gets in az .
exceptional albacore salad and white tuna sashimi .
rolls were prepared in a timely manner , looked as good as they tasted .
great sushi !
best sushi in the area .
i highly recommend the restaurant !
one of the best sushi i 've ever had !
love the presentation and atmosphere is warm and inviting .
so you can expect real japanese food here .
make the effort to find it , it 's well worth it !
this place has a great selection !
great variety , excellent preparation , and wonderful service .
this place is great !
the service was great !
we will definitely be going back .
fish is fresh , the rice cooked just right .
great sushi and a wonderful ambiance .
fantastic !
great !
happy hour 5-7 every day .
al has completely spoiled us .
excellent sushi !
always friendly , helpful service .
very fresh tasting , and nice atmosphere .
great happy hour , great service .
i love this place so much .
happy hour from 5-7 every day is the best time to come .
first and most importantly , this place has excellent , fresh sushi .
the rest were superb .
friendly service at the sushi bar and a fun atmosphere .
good date place .
the service is exceptional .
the sushi is incredibly fresh .
it was full of delicious slices of fish .
the restaurant is cute and usually packed .
they have a cute table in the back for larger parties as well .
best sushi in the valley !
the two sushi chefs are very friendly and knowledgable .
they have happy hour every day with some great specials .
sushi is first rate , the fish is so fresh !
i loved it here !
they were super friendly , talkative , and created some really delicious tasty goodness .
definitely the best sushi experience i 've had since moving to phoenix .
love it !
best i 've found in the east valley .
sushi chef zach is great .
the sauce that comes on the shimogamo roll and the fried gyoza is amazing .
food is excellent , very tasty and fresh .
always an awesome time .
the whole team there is great and the fish is fresh .
you 're in for a treat , especially if they have baby yellowtail .
amazingly fresh !
ok ok i seriously love this place .
the owners so kind and sweet !
best sushi in town .
my husband and i always have fun and eat great food at shimogamo .
fresh & tasty sushi , homemade curry , great service and awesome chef al .
they also have great cooked dishes too .
love this place !
awesome sushi , good happy hour , good service .
great place !
atmosphere is very relaxing ... .
excellent food ... and great happy hour prices .
love this place .
if you are on the budget , their happy hour has great deals !
best sushi in the valley , period .
awesome !
good service , classy atmosphere , still casual and laid back .
what a great place to find in chandler !
i will be back for sure !
everything was absolutely delicious and fresh as can be .
best sushi in this area for sure .
safe to say , best sushi on this side of town !
service was prompt and friendly .
will definitely be coming back for happy hour !
simply amazing .
thanks to chef al for great conversation , food and suggestions .
we felt right at home from the beginning here .
if you are a sushi lover , you will love shimogamo .
we stuck mostly to their happy hour menu and really enjoyed every dish .
the fish tasted very fresh and the employees including our server were all excellent .
al does some seriously good fish - get ya sum !
one of the best , if not the best sushi in east valley .
service was excellent .
family-owned business and able to answer all questions .
special strawberry custard crepe dessert was amazing !
definitely worth a visit .
the best sushi in chandler .
shimogamo is a quiet sushi location in a strip mall .
the interior has just a few tables and is very peaceful .
authentic and high quality !
the atmosphere is much more intimate .
you will impress your date if you bring them here .
but i absolutely love their miso marinated cod !
best sushi ever !
quite seriously the best sushi in arizona !
the panko roll is my all time favorite .
the best sashimi in the valley .
best make reservations if you plan on a weekend night out .
love this place !
some of the best sushi i 've ever had .
two words to describe everything : fresh and delicious !
we ordered a lot of food and they were wonderful .
will definitely come back .
great !
michael at the sushi bar was awesome !
this is the best sushi i have had in az by far .
this place is real sushi .
the highlight of this place is the actual quality of the fish .
all exquisite .
good food and good service .
we waited a half hour for just two of us but worth the wait .
we loved it !
i liked the food and had a good meal .
super happy with shimogamo .
service was good .
sushi was great .
happy to support a local mom and pop restaurant .
will definitely be back .
excellent sushi .
i would recommend reservations .
it is a small place .
they have a great selection of rolls and the sushi is very fresh .
let me start by saying wow !
again great sushi and great service .
awesome awesome awesome !
we just found our new sushi spot .
service was great from the get go and did n't miss a beat .
great ambiance , and very good flavor with everything we had .
one of my favorite sushi places in the phoenix area .
continued excellent service .
always great recommendations from the staff .
just love this place !
keep up the great work guys !
this is my favorite traditional japanese restaurant in the valley .
the crazy roll was excellent , and the zen was not bad .
the service was very attentive , and the menu variety was very good .
also love their lobster dynamite roll .
everything else are good as well .
by far the best sushi in the east valley !
we 've searched for great sushi since moving to the area two years ago .
shimogamo has surprisingly good atmosphere hidden behind the generic strip mall .
and the sushi is fresh and delicious .
ate there for the first time saturday evening with a group of _num_ people !
what an exceptional place !
this was an incredible sushi experience .
i highly recommend the crazy roll and rainbow roll .
i love this restaurant !
everything is very good !
you can have really japanese foods at here !
i can promise it , i 'm japanese .
we went during happy hour .
tempura ice cream was great .
the name shimogamo , meaning family , is a very touching and appropriate name .
pros : fresh fish , shimogamo ribeye with dipping sauce , great upscale ambiance .
this is now one of my favorite sushi spots .
just excellent .
really great food with reasonable pricing .
excellent service , very quaint atmosphere and the sushi is very fresh .
this place is a hidden gem .
wow real japanese food in phoenix .
cute place with good food , appropriate music and good service .
sushi is really fresh and very authentic .
service is fast and friendly .
it 's a small place with cozy decorations , perfect for gatherings !
the meals are fantastic as well .
and the sushi is top notch for az .
a great secret place tucked away in a strip mall .
flawless !
best in the east valley by far .
enjoyed a great happy hour menu .
every roll we ordered was fresh and tasted excellent .
food is excellent here .
all was tasty and beautifully executed .
the service is very attentive .
fresh and excellent sushi !
the sushi is great but so are the reasonably prices kitchen items .
try the boars specials , always great !
for fresh good quality fish this is the place you want to go .
they fly in their fish fresh several times a week .
we also had a yellowtail hand roll with fresh lemon it was amazing .
make sure you make a reservation !
best sushi in the valley !
cute place , delicious fresh food !
i also had the fried calamari and it was really good .
the service was great .
panko roll was excellent with a touch of heat from wasabi .
las vegas roll is always a favorite with eel sauce .
the shimogamo roll is probably my favorite along with the crazy roll .
it 's a hidden gem best place for sushi .
awesome sushi , great quality and perfect service .
solid , solid , solid .
shimogamo was excellent !
i was greeted and sat right away .
service was great .
the quality of the fish we had ordered was beyond what we expected !
we will def be back again !
best sushi in phoenix .
always fresh , innovative combinations .
these guys do a great job .
lots of items on the special board , great service , and reasonable pricing .
a true chandler gem , must try .
everything is fresh and delicious .
best to reserve in advance as the space is small .
the best place to sit is in the back room .
my absolute favorite japanese and sushi place .
i highly suggest making reservations because it is small and it fills up fast .
the korean ribs are fantastic and the flavors really rock .
love it !
very nice !
my japanese girlfriend recommended me to this place , the food is very good .
the place is nice and clean .
it 's a small intimate place with great service and even better sushi .
this place is great .
happy hour from 5-7 is great .
best sushi and other japanese cuisine in the valley .
service is great and quick .
it 's a little spendy but the service was fantastic !
it 's a very romantic place for a date night as well .
shimogamo has absolutely wonderful sushi !
this has to be one of the best places to get sushi in phoenix .
this small restaurant has a pleasant atmosphere and competent servers !
wow .
by far the best quality we have had to date .
every piece had the perfect texture and flavor .
it will now be our go to sushi joint .
best sushi ive had in phoenix .
fish was fresh and melted in my mouth .
not the cheapest , but the best so far .
ambiance is clean and upscale .
owner and staff are delightful .
for large groups , i recommend asking for the large table in back .
the sushi bar is also enjoyable for single or party of two .
our favorite sushi restaurant in the east valley !
this is a cool sushi spot with great decor .
goodness .
the sushi is remarkably good .
the rest of the food is visually stunning and delicious .
i went here for the first time on my birthday and it was amazing .
we ordered the prime rib steak dinner , and some sushi platters .
i will definitely be back !
very seldom do i give anything five stars but this place deserves 5+ .
took two of my good friends to dinner here and was treated like royalty .
this place has the most amazing sushi menu , fresh and beautiful display .
the sushi chef made certain that we knew that everything was fresh that day .
by far best sushi in chandler !
their food is authentic and delicious !
every dish is superb and worth a taste !
very good quality sushi with a very nice happy hour menu .
the service at the sushi bar was impressive and very personal .
we enjoyed our time here and will definetly be back a number of times .
amazing is the word !
cute little place , great find in the east valley .
amazing find .
great every time .
recommended for a group or a date if you need to impress .
amazing food , great ambiance !
everything on the menu is delicious !
this place will continue to be our sushi spot !
nice and cozy .
friendly service .
they do it right here .
i never thought i could get this quality and style of food in az .
we will definitely go again when we come back to az .
my wife and i enjoy going here for sushi and japanese food .
good food and a great vibe .
loved the food .
the staff was very nice .
i will definitely be back here .
this place has an authentic quality that is hard to find these days .
it is the best quality sushi for miles .
i had rice , miso soup , small salad and a tuna salad .
all the food tasted fresh and yummy !
the servers were very nice , and friendly .
good stuff here tonight .
authentic .
nice guy .
this place was clean with a classy look .
it has a relaxing atmosphere and their servers were pleasant .
i noticed from the first bite that their stock is very fresh .
i was impressed with shimogamo and i will be coming back soon .
it would be a great place for a good first impression on a date .
great food .
this is a very cozy restaurant with a wonderful happy hour .
i love this place , the sushi is awesome !
go here for happy hour and get a great deal on some awesome sushi .
perfection .
great little restaurant .
service was awesome !
food was pretty good .
both was really good .
teriyaki was good , calamari was excellent !
this place is amazing .
fresh fish and food .
shimogamo is by far the best sushi restaurant in the phoenix valley .
authentic , quality food & great service .
two thumbs way up !
best place i 've eaten at in a long time .
found this place last minute and i 'm glad we took a chance .
delicious .
the tofu dish we received was also excellent .
a good balance of sweet and salty , with a nice soft center .
interiors are nice , dim ambient lighting .
came here with the family while on vacation in az .
i 'd recommend this place to all japanese food and sushi lovers !
how nice to have such an elegant japanese restaurant so close to home .
so nice on a cold rainy night .
this place is awesome .
they have great happy hour prices .
this is my favorite place for sushi in the phoenix valley .
loved the experience .
this place is so amazing and i really like this place .
the food is so tasty .
i was hooked !
very different and quite delicious .
this will be my new go to sushi bar !
this is a hidden gem !
super fresh and authentic !
the chef 's that work here are truly culinary artists , especially zach .
the rolls they make with the wasabi mayo are amazing .
first time eater here and tried it with my mom .
we tried many things ( pictures are attached ) and each was delicious !
nice and cozy .
friendly service .
best sushi in the valley at a great price .
it was awesome food and service !
the rolls and sashimi are excellent and even the kitchen foods are great .
honestly , i would recommend everything on the menu if it fits your fancy .
i highly recommend shimogamo .
one of the best sushi places ever .
beef rib is good too .
they often close early on weekends to give staff members extra family time .
always dependable big mac , fries , and nuggets .
he always remembers my name as well .
i always hope he 's there when i stop for my morning tea !
he always compliments me somehow and it is a nice start to my day .
this store is so blessed to have you on their team !
the orders always correct and the service is always friendly .
yet not sloppy .
job well done .
there 's a lot of hidden gems to be found here .
it 's an `` it is what it is '' situation .
love to shop here .
it 's such a great little discount store !
the jewelry is beautiful and the customer service is friendly and inviting .
the owners and staff are so friendly and patient .
i simply love this place .
it has become my favorite place to buy gifts .
there original pieces are amazing !
i highly recommend this store to anyone looking for quality through and through .
it looks brand new !
great customer service and such a cute jewelry store with beautiful jewelry .
thank you !
i am so happy i found this jeweler !
you have earned a customer for life !
they were absolutely great and know how to treat a customer .
best jewelry store i have ever been in .
beth was wonderful and very helpful !
great customer service .
nice selection of estate jewelry .
prompt , efficient and reasonable watch services keep me coming back !
i like that !
this is a great family jeweler .
i have many wonderful pieces from them .
my favorite has to be my engagement ring with custom wedding bands !
they even helped me and my husband pick the perfect wedding band for him .
overall excellent , prompt customer service .
always greeted by someone upon arrival .
calm , laid back environment , but still very professional .
the entire process was great .
awesome doctor , awesome facility , great people all-around .
amazing doctors and office staff , i highly recommend to family and friends !
he makes you feel so comfortable about things and always has a smile .
wonderful office staff also .
two thumbs up .
one of the best doctors that i have ever had .
had the best experience here within a doctors office these past _num_ months !
she was phenomenal !
very friendly and reminded me of my aunt in this field .
i recommend her if dr patel is all booked .
he 's so genuine and takes care of you really well .
i will definitely go here again .
great staff !
but he possibly saved my life .
i love the staff at this office !
again , everyone is just awesome and genuinely cares !
i wish i lived closer , and that they could be my primary !
always predictable , value menu always good .
always purchases from the dollar menu .
fast service and hot food , ca n't beat that .
i mean it 's mcdonald 's ... pretty consistent and everyone was great !
i forgot how good the food is and how quick the service was .
yes , even for free lunch it was quick and pleasant .
good food , good atmosphere , and very friendly service !
great experience .
every single staff member told us hello and welcomed us , we loved that .
she broke down everything for us , and was very pleasant and warm .
this is a wonderful place to take dance lessons .
thanks !
highly recommend bo !
great instructor we had lots of fun !
going for the gold !
this is a great place to start learning .
thank you to our wonderful instructors !
highly recommend bo !
great instructor we had lots of fun !
going for the gold !
what a cool place this is .
something for everyone .
cool place to and bring the kids !
we usually have a great time here !
the prices are fair and the music is great .
other than that , this place is great fun !
the customer service has really improved , our party hostess was excellent !
it was well organized and the girls had a blast .
we had such a great time that we came back in the same week !
update : much better !
we had our daughters birthday party and it was wonderful !
finally they updated the floor to the skating rink and painted the walls .
our party host alyssa was sweet and very attentive .
fun for young kids .
lots of birthday parties held here .
good music selection with a dj .
they sell pizza , wings and other items .
great place for a kids birthday party !
my daughter had her 6th birthday there and she loved everything about it .
always friendly , copy machines always up and running .
fedex shipping services a true bonus .
i had a good experience when i shipped a large item right before christmas .
the two girls behind the counter were very friendly and helpful .
i enjoyed them being so personable .
incredibly clean , professional , and courteous .
and best of all free wifi .
professional , courteous , and clean .
mia was my nurse and she was great .
everyone should give blood and help save a life .
see you in january !
it 's really cool , definitely worth a try .
i always give at this location .
staff is always friendly and helpful .
once inside you quickly realize that the staff take good care of this place .
great prices on the room & small charge for my pet .
rooms were in great shape , nice and clean .
i will stay here again .
the customer service was worth everything !
awesomely delicious rice bowl place .
i just love this place .
much better than the other place across the street .
the gentleman that is always at the counter is very very nice .
i recommend this small mom and pop place .
quick , tasty , and inexpensive rice bowls .
awesome fried rice and a huge selection of authentic asian food .
i recommend supporting it over corporate joints .
the best orange beef on the planet .
guaranteed .
his wife actually uses real oranges and it is so refreshing .
the miso soup is so good and filling as are their rice bowls .
the japanese very much value the quality of the rice and it shows here .
the best spicy teriyaki chicken i have ever eaten !
he just seems genuinely interested in every customer : ) .
just go there .
i grew up in seattle with really good teriyaki on every block .
moving here was a shock .
this is as good as almost any teriyaki i 've had in seattle .
i 've been going here for _num_ years !
all i can say is wow !
this place is super yummy !
i have a new favorite !
i love this place regardless .
once again i have found an all time favorite dish at this fine establishment .
its even amazing when its warm not burning hot temp .
wise .
best teriyaki chicken in town .
fantastic food and you ca n't beat the price !
glad i found this place on yelp !
the place is clean and very basic .
good stuff !
i like the tokyo chicken , but the teriyaki is really good , too .
this place is why i use yelp , amazing fresh food and great atmosphere .
my absolute favorite place !
best spicy teriyaki chicken ever !
the little old man is always so nice and accommodating !
i highly recommend tokyo house !
the orange beef alone is good enough to earn this place _num_ stars .
so good it seriously brought a tear to my eye .
such friendly service as well .
love the old guy at the counter .
always happy and funny .
i love this place !
the food is authentic and made very fast !
i love their house fried rice and their chicken teriyaki is awesome !
would highly recommend this place for a neat fun night !
very good !
great service & prices .
the first impression i got was a very welcoming one !
the sweet man at the front greeted us and was so sweet and nice !
i liked how clean the restaurant is too .
the food is authentic and made very fast !
i love their teriyaki bowl and their miso soup .
its just the thing to help warm your belly up on a cold night .
i highly recommend this place for a quick bite to eat !
i just want to hug that sweet little old man who runs the front .
so nice .
the orange chicken is delicious .
the sauce is great though .
but the food definitely makes up for it .
definitely a chandler must .
was a big fan of tokyo express and blue fin .
amazing food & great atmosphere a+ !
yakisoba is fantastic !
best japanese food in the east valley .
highly recommended !
this i respect !
the sauce is excellent and the chicken is cooked just right .
highly recommend this place !
really good food for the price .
the atmosphere is very casual and plain , but always clean .
thoroughly enjoyed our meal at the tokyo house .
the owners are fabulous people and the food is delicious and very affordable .
i usually get the house chicken but everything is fantastic .
he always made lunch runs fun .
the fried rice is another good staple .
it 's just so good .
my bf loves the fried rice as well .
easy , quick and delicious dinner .
this place rocks !
the food is excellent and they appreciate your business .
he is so sweet and welcoming .
great food too !
delicious !
really good food for the price you pay .
i love their yakisoba !
also i just love the little old man who works the front .
the elderly gentleman in the evening was just very pleasant to deal with .
i will definitely be back as often as possible !
especially cuz they are absolutely affordable !
very accommodating and helpful if you ask for suggestions .
i recommend this place to all my friends .
but overall really good !
i love this place .
the man behind the counter is so awesome .
he greets you like he 's known you your whole life .
this place will easily become a favorite for us !
we came here because if yelp and we are most definitely coming back !
this was still amazing .
eat local !
not only was the food really good but the service was great !
he lives up to the hype and i will definitely be returning !
awesome food and awesome customer service !
always has the order made just the way we ask !
both were delicious !
the meat was very tender .
you also have to option of brown rice which i thought was nice .
the price is good !
im going here all the time !
the inside was both clean and modern .
it was burning hot , fresh and tasted absolutely terrific .
just talking to the owner is worth the trip , he 's amazing !
and his food is pretty good too .
this place is amazing !
it is a great little lunch spot .
i highly recommend this place !
the katsu is great too .
the other local businesses in this center are all great too .
incredible orange beef .
i love this place .
the food has always been delicious pretty much no matter what you get .
very impressed with this place .
crispy outside and perfectly made inside .
sauces were great .
very very good .
great staff .
very helpful and obviously passionate about japanese food !
this is the real deal !
i will definitely be back .
really , really , really good fried rice .
the food and staff here are so great !
try the crispy rolls , they are priced well and pretty big !
let me say the atmosphere here is great .
all of the crunch outside of the roll was really powerful .
not sure how my partner found this place .
it definitely is a hidden gem .
the decor is simple , clean , super friendly staff and very welcoming .
the lady at the cashier was very warm and welcome with us !
best spicy teriyaki ever !
quality is always the same , always amazing !
very good japanese and chinese restaurant in the area !
highly recommended !
very good japanese and chinese restaurant in the area !
foods are delicious and services are really good .
loved to be back !
always great and fresh asian food .
the orange chicken is my favorite !
they have a loyalty card which is nice too .
some of the best teriyaki chicken around .
it was fantastic and the place was clean it was great food .
always great and fresh asian food .
the orange chicken is my favorite !
they have a loyalty card which is nice too .
he always welcomes you in with a smile .
the miso soup is delicous !
this place is very good , not the best but very good .
our service was great and the staff was super nice .
it is great !
the entire staff is very friendly and informative .
i always leave feeling much better .
i 'm always leaving with a smile and looking forward to my next visit .
great men 's pedicure !
new massage chairs and great tlc on my feet .
i have to say this is by far my favorite nail salon !
another great yelp find !
i felt like i got my money 's worth !
they did a wonderful job on my little girls nails .
best way to spend sum daddy daughter time if you ask me .
they are so nice and hospitable !
i had becky and she was so sweet .
i love this place !
the service is great and the quality of work is awesome .
the prices are amazing !
i highly recommend this place .
you are truly the best and i love the entire staff !
wonderful experience .
best tasting fast food in az is at carl 's jr .
it 's still here and still serving people .
the teriyaki burger on fresh made bun is delicious .
keep up the good work !
and keep the good food coming !
fantastic vet .
they are excellent .
she lived , these guys are awesome .
very , very nice personalities and lots of genuine compassion there .
extremely great vet and staff .
would highly recommend !
too bad she is now part time it the doggie hotel works great !
so glad they take took my insurance as well !
dr gives a very complete exam , staff is very friendly .
i highly recommend this place .
it came out so nice that its a keeper for sure now .
guns etc has them all beat !
the customer service is top notch .
thanks again for a great experience .
nice job guns etc ... ... .
this place is fantastic .
the staff are quick to help and very friendly .
there 's a nice size selection and good prices .
i 'd recommend this place over any other gun shop .
they are super friendly and knowledgeable .
the more you get to know everyone the more you feel at home .
both times the food was very good .
beware the plum soda !
hands down , the best vietnamese food i 've ever had in the west .
justina is great too.
they papaya salad , awesome !
the food was spectacular , and the service was great .
i will definitely try to go again next time i am in town !
the decor was cute but very dark for dinner .
one coworker loves this place .
cyclo has both , and justina makes dining an absolute pleasure .
but definitely worth a visit if you have n't been there .
the other options are delightful , too .
she can usually fit you in .
very good .
the owner is hilarious .
the food is really good .
the service is interesting but not bad .
it is what it is .
best vietnamese place i 've eaten at outside of new york city .
and it 's inexpensive !
great pho and byob .
everything on the menu is fresh and delicious .
great .
all good .
i have had much on their menu and have loved almost all .
cyclo has the best seafood crab soup !
the prices are higher but the quality is better .
she is super sweet , funny and sassy .
it 's true that she has a wicked sense of style !
my husband also likes the pad thai here .
i love the atmosphere , the music and how intimate the restaurant is .
it is a small restaurant right next to the wall greens .
a perfect example of do n't judge a book by its cover .
the food was incredible .
very good food .
the restaurant had a cool vibe and great artwork .
was very clean and the service was great .
i had the beef pho and it was excellent .
justina is fabulous !
the food is amazing .
this is a great date night for my wife & i .
love love love it !
we bring guest in with us and everyone always loves it !
the best food served up by the best owner .
this place is family owned and run .
half the fun is meeting justina and enjoying her style and sense of humor .
order anything and you will enjoy it .
dinner time on friday or saturday night fills up pretty quick !
she makes you feel like you have known before you 've ever met .
she is a friendly host and smiling all the time .
fabulous food and sassy service - the perfect combination !
delicious yet again !
the owner , justina , is hip , cool , gorgeous and awesome !
love this place !
the food is excellent .
the atmosphere is intimate .
the place is small but nice .
byob which i love !
wonderful food - hilarious owner - and great decor and ambiance !
well worth the long trek to get there ~ delicious !
my wife loves the crepe , and the beef carpaccio is super good .
it still beats anything in the west valley .
this place is very trendy and the service is great .
the staff is friendly and always ready to recommend dishes .
a great spot for meeting friends .
i love their pho ... .
still of fan of both justina and the food at cyclo .
fine i 'll just have the pho .
great ambiance , simple yet elegant menu , and consistent service and food .
i visit cyclo every other week and it 's always a pleasant experience .
super yummy , cool ambiance .
awesome service .
try the beef chow fun and spicy garlic green beans , they are amazing .
i just thought that was above and beyond ... .
loyal customer for life !
the staff , service and food are amazing !
the spicy garlic beans are delectable !
i recommend going and letting her `` surprise you '' .
everything is amazing .
absolutely mouth watering .
i give it _num_ stars !
also , it 's small and gets packed !
love this place .
food and service is top notch .
priced right and food that makes me come back over and over .
great environment with colorful lights .
you can bring wine in .
owner is a server and is great.
the food is top notch .
food was good !
lemonade was excellent !
the only is extremely helpful .
always a great time !
food is good and everyone is fun .
so far , so good , i had the veggie spring rolls .
the dipping sauce was also excellent .
i love love love this place !
everything about this restaurant is amazing !
the decor and food is fantastic and the owner is fabulous - love her !
justina is such a good friend .
she always makes me laugh and makes good conversation .
absolutely amazing food !
she is fabulous and memorable to say the least .
the best part is it is byob so your check is reasonable .
best phone in town !
always piping hot made with love and a great menu .
check it out .
the owner is super funny and very thoughtful .
awesome vibe and decor , even better food .
the food is super fresh tasting !
the owner is super friendly and walks around table to table chatting with customers .
i highly recommend this restaurant !
food is amazing !
true definition of a local joint !
justina is a riot and why i go back every time !
so far so good , nice service , fancy water , good tea .
service , food , decor and again ... .
food , all top notch .
fresh ingredients , good spices , and fun options .
secondly , the atmosphere in here is modern and really fun .
lastly and most importantly , the staff is really fun .
it was super fun .
wow !
the service is fantastic .
the food is fantastic and the place is clean and modern .
i loved it .
i will definitely be back .
they made me feel very welcomed being a lone diner .
my favorite vietnamese restaurant .
i crave the crispy noodle cakes and fresh spring rolls regularly .
super amazing food !
the rice cake was also delicious .
the staff was so friendly .
the pad tai noodles were very tasty and i even enjoyed the tofu .
always the best for hot soup on a cold night .
justina is a riot and always makes me laugh .
highly recommend this place .
small and quaint inside .
she recommended to go with the beef pho which was delicious and hit spot .
love everything about this place , including the atmosphere and food .
this place rocks !
justina love ya girl !
outstanding food , outstanding service , great atmosphere .
trust me ... you got ta try this place !
i think the best part of this place is the service .
high in flavor and a killer value .
cyclo is life changing !
i have recently been introduced to it i 'm hooked .
i love it here ... good for the soul and the appetite .
byob is one of many great things here .
i love the upbeat personality of the owner .
this place is great !
excellent pho with a very trendy vibe .
first time trying cyclo .
great food the food is fresh and yummy .
the owner is a riot .
good for lunch and dinner .
i definitely recommend checking cyclo out if you 're in the neighborhood .
i can always tell when good is made with love .
the energy of the place and food is absolutely incredible .
the infused water is above and beyond .
the menu is also very simple , which i like .
i love this place !
the fruit infused water is delicious .
the fresh ingredients are delicious .
this is my favorite lunchtime vietnamese restaurant in town .
i highly recommend the the beef soup .
cyclo is life changing !
i have recently been introduced to it i 'm hooked .
i love it here ... good for the soul and the appetite .
byob is one of many great things here .
always consistent and great food .
in the hostesses the most us , of course .
when you walk in you are greeted with a happy smile and a welcome .
the whole experience was great .
oh i guess i should share the food .
cool decor and atmosphere .
we thoroughly enjoyed the pho , sticky rice with mango , and jasmine tea .
the service was fast and the owner worked the room beautifully !
the decor is so fun and artistic !
we 'll be back again and again !
this place is absolutely wonderful !
the people are so lovely too !
such a great experience !
everything about this place is right on when you walk through the door .
the food is incredible .
the variety and selection is great .
she 's awesome , very knowledgeable and helpful .
great staff and cute glasses !
wonderful group of ladies here !
love the drive-thru .
the lady at the window was awesome and funny .
great prices !
the staff there are very nice and accommodating .
they make you feel very welcome there .
making use of the jacuzzi area before and after was a real treat .
most beautiful spa i 've been to !
loved every moment of it - except that the day went by too fast .
the place is beautiful .
expensive , but worth every penny .
the purchase of one service gives you total access to all the other amenities .
it was very quiet and peaceful .
the view was stunning .
they are plenty of parking spot .
after enjoying the golf , the spa is a great way to unwind .
i want to live here !
they service was amazing and the spa itself was clean , comfy and quiet !
this spa is the most beautiful and friendly that i 've ever been to .
he made our experience so wonderful .
amazing !
loved it !
typical arizona architecture but with an elegant twist and service is spectacular .
this is a very nice spa and worth a visit .
nice desert setting .
good for out of town guests .
my mom and i loved this spa !
clean , quiet , very calming with native american theme .
you walk in and feel instantly relaxed .
all were spectacular .
love this place !
wonderful facials !
i will definitely be coming back for a facial w you !
for lunch the chilled chicken lettuce cup was delicious .
the closest definition to relaxation i have ever experienced .
it is so wonderful and relaxing .
the whole staff is professional and kind .
fav spa in east valley .
love spending a full day there .
gym is small but adequate to work any and everything .
i love this place .
this is a very nice spa .
best pedicure i have ever had .
the girl who helped me was super informative and kind .
jason was my massage therapist and he was fantastic .
such an amazing place .
the staff are very friendly and the facilities are very nice and clean .
the massages here are great and although expensive they are definitely worth the money .
the food here is also great and the overall environment is very relaxing .
it is the best spa i have ever been to .
wow !
highly recommend .
very relaxing environment , peaceful & you are well taken care of here .
fantastic experience !
the facility is so peaceful and serene !
i will definitely be back !
it truly is as good as it gets here .
honestly .
i love kai .
i think it 's well worth the money .
it 's more than dinner , it 's an experience !
the food was amazing .
amazing !
delicious !
the service omg !
wow !
wow .
that pretty much sums up everything .
the best dining experience !
we had our anniversary dinner here and it was lovely .
i wo n't repeat what everyone said , food was delicious , service excellent .
expensive , but worth every penny .
one of the best dining experiences ever !
the service is top-notch .
the food is amazing .
i loved the buffalo .
every course we had was delicious .
would highly recommend if you 're willing to go into a hotel to eat .
it 's our favorite place in earth !
food is amazing !
best experience i have had in any restaurant !
service is outstanding and having a gluten allergy was no problem for the chef !
a upscale , pricey restaurant that is definitely worth the drive !
will recommend to anyone !
the service is classy & top notch .
the foods are amazing .
i highly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a unique experience .
my wife and i dined here for our 10th anniversary .
i was impressed from the moment we arrived at the door .
this place had superb service .
the food was cooked very well and the seafood was very fresh .
the wine pairings are always surprising but perfect .
really nice touch .
the dining room was nice , but nothing spectacular .
the food was quite tasty , but somewhat overpriced , in my opinion .
first let me say this , the service in this place is impeccable .
i will update more ... .
great for a romantic night out or splurge of some type .
the service at this restaurant was quite incredible .
it was done just right and i never really experience that much anywhere else .
the cake in the middle was kind of hard .
in summary - a nice restaurant and well decor that serves a killer steak .
absolutely loved the whole dining experience !
interesting , unique food and fantastic service .
that 's above and beyond !
best service !
the view is breath taking .
perfection .
best restaurant in az hands down .
it is over the top .
pure artistry and close attention to every detail .
very , very expensive but worth it .
the most expensive and best dinner my wife and i have ever had .
once in a lifetime experience !
the service and food was top notch .
the food was amazing .
the decor was authentic and locally made as well .
the beautiful views were also a plus .
this is a splurge that is worth the money .
the food was so enticing that we stuffed ourselves over capacity .
the specialty martinis were also fantastic .
our servers were excellent .
great night out .
we shared foie gras and chocolate souffl dessert - both excellent .
definitely a fantastic experience .
kai is seriously an experience !
everything was absolutely beautiful and romantic .
coming from chicago and the fine dining options we have in the city .
every plate we had was delicious and delivery timed well .
i back their high marks .
kai is well , kai for a reason .
food was amazing !
service is over the top .
pricey ... yes , worth it , absolutely !
well worth it .
take a tour ... best way to try alot !
talk about impeccable service .
awesome !
if you want a true fine dining experience this is it .
it is well worth the money .
i laughed , i cried .
great for anniversary !
wife loved it .
truly a _num_ star dining experience .
the staff are knowledgeable , professional and the ambiance creates an incredible dining experience .
it was truly the best culinary experience i 've ever had .
what a fantastic evening !
tasty too .
escargot was fantastic - could have just ordered that .
scallops and lobster were amazing as was the bone in rib-eye .
great night - top _num_ meal list for sure .
thank you chef !
amazing .
everything was beyond excellent with the exception of the dessert .
service was impeccable .
awesome view and room as well .
at kai , dinner is an event and an adventure .
we had a divine meal .
kai is our hands down favorite at the culinary festival devoured .
i felt fortunate to finally get there to enjoy the ride !
the service is really good .
outstanding service and location .
the foie was outstanding .
hands down best restaurant in arizona !
every course was perfection and the service was incredible .
jeremy was superb in leading the service staff .
the entire staff was thoughtful and kind .
the best food experience that i 've ever had .
amazing food and service !
some of the best food we 've ever eaten .
each ingredient seems thoughtfully chosen and cooked to perfection .
what a treat !
everyone went out of their way to give us an absolutely amazing evening .
amazing !
worth every penny .
the service ( thanks kevin ! )
was impeccable and the food was delicious , creative ( art ! )
and picture worthy !
you really get such a neat overall experience .
everything was great , but the buffalo tenderloin is clearly the star .
the service is top notch .
outstanding evening .
simply amazing !
the service and food are one of a kind !
the use of fresh local ingredients are spectacular !
make reservations right before the sunset restaurant has an amazing view !
mushrooms with goat cheese and escargot simply amazing !
just go and enjoy you will not be disappointed !
one of the ten best restaurants in the country , maybe the world .
it 's worthy of the most special occasions in your life .
excellent service , beautiful display of food and very tasty .
love the cultural background of the history of native american influence .
highly , highly recommend it .
remodel is just temporary and will be magnificent soon .
( i kind of like that . )
make a reservation in advance and mind the dress code .
everything else was great .
the steak and salad were both excellent .
the ambiance of this place is absolutely soothing & gorgeous !
amazing food , service and ambiance !
my husband and i came here for our anniversary and were very impressed .
i highly recommend kai for a special occasion !
a great experience .
if you need an escape , i highly recommend an evening at kai .
extremely well organized staff !
we loved kevin our waiter .
some dishes were incredible .
this was the 1st fine dining experience i left full .
for a _num_ year anniversary night this was an excellent choice !
it truly is impossible to describe just how wonderful their food is .
it is hard to believe that food can be so special .
service as always was impeccable .
nicest crew and super helpful !
this is a lovely place .
still and incredible getaway and perfect view of the golf course .
the staff is friendly and courteous .
i 'm sure you will be pleased .
a beautiful , clean and quiet hotel .
very nice , clean pool , very relaxing !
all employees are very friendly and accommodating .
price is very reasonable for what you get .
the hotel lobby is decorated nicely and the staff is very friendly & helpful .
the pool area was very relaxing and our room was incredibly clean and quiet .
we will definitely be staying here during our next stay in chandler !
this location has a very attentive and consistent staff .
i appreciate that , and i think it shows well .
it beats having to go to walmart .
i just had a wonderful experience at this target .
two thumbs up for this great shopping experience !
i really wish i could remember her name because she is so extremely nice .
i hope her boss somehow sees these reviews .
i love that this target has the full grocery now .
i always have great service here .
mark who works in the produce area is very helpful and friendly .
i really love my neighborhood target .
this store rocks !
she is extremely nice and asked me how my week was going .
i 've had pretty good shopping experiences at this particular target store .
their $ _num_ section is terrific !
the customer service has always been satisfactory there .
always fun to shop here .
great selection .
it 's always clean and the employees are friendly and helpful .
now it has a starbucks !
i love target for most of my shopping needs .
our fav location !
always has a great selection of all things target .
they always have quick check out ( love ) and plenty of carts .
i love it though .
so clean and the staff is really nice .
he has a witty sense of humor and is very good at explaining everything .
great staff , always timely !
i have and will continue to recommend this office .
to racing .
he absolutely loved it .
he 'd go back again in a heart beat !
i will be back !
yea that 's it !
but it seriously was such a fun day .
i did the _num_ day grand prix class also .
to put this as simply as possible , this place is heaven on earth .
the instructors are the coolest , most knowledgeable guys on the planet .
the best way to test drive lol .
what a great experience .
their staff was friendly and professional .
thank you to everyone who made our day great .
i 'll definitely be going back .
great customer service .
always greet you with a smile .
love it !
the staff is always so welcoming and friendly .
all of my items were cleaned and hung perfectly .
this company is very involved in the community and i will always support that !
good service , good prices , and they come through .
awesome prices .
speedy service .
nice staff ... .
well , he did n't .
they came out good the second time around .
i still go here and i still love them .
manny is the best in customer service !
great prices and great staff .
great customer service !
there is only so much you can do to carefully pack a suit .
they cleaned and pressed my partner 's hugo boss suit in a pristine manner .
the pricing is also very reasonable .
porter did a fantastic job .
overall : i recommend these guys to anyone who needs roofing completed .
fantastic customer service and a very knowledgeable staff .
he and the entire porter roofing team are top notch .
very pleased with the service .
i will definitely remember them !
thanks to porter roofing to getting back to me so quickly today !
i really appreciate good customer service and definitely got some today .
thank you .
dennis porter was great to work with and so was jr -- very professional .
they cleaned up after themselves and did a great job .
highly recommended .
thanks dennis and porter roofing !
she talks the talk and walks the walks !
awesome !
big , open store with wide aisles .
clean and stocked well .
great prices and very friendly staff .
the staff is helpful , i needed something they walked me right to it .
parking lot is clean and restrooms too !
great place and the people there know how to make your special drink .
that alone makes ya feel special .
very good service .
i love it here .
the staff is always friendly and pretty speedy .
i love that some of the baristas even remember my order .
that would make it perfect !
another great starbucks location !
greatest starbucks on earth .
baristas are awesome and they keep it personal by remembering my name .
clean environment with friendly staff .
nice to find a starbucks close to my hotel .
they pump out the orders and do it with a smile .
the have a great crew !
this location makes a great cup of coffee consistently .
it is always kept very clean and nicely maintained .
this is currently our favorite location in the area .
each time the staff has been pleasant and helpful .
great staff , great bikes .
impressive .
a few custom nice bikes .
the help was super cute ( ladies ) and helpful .
once you get to know this dealership you really do become family .
they always remember everyone in your family .
best ordering experience and product knowledge around .
thank you sean for your help and knowledge .
this place is great !
bought a brand new hd on my birthday .
the staff was super !
we even went into the shop and checked it out , awesome !
i love this place !
the staff has always been good .
the service team is dedicated and willing to help .
absolutely the best experience i could have hoped for .
sean and sean are the best !
very customer service oriented and they move bikes ... .
the best experience ever !
i recommend this harley shop over any other !
great customer service at chandler harley !
all the employees seemed genuinely excited for you when you ride your bike away .
purchasing a bike from these guys was an all around good experience for me .
we have both had fantastic experiences .
for my second purchased i went back and again received exceptional service .
the staff goes above and beyond to get you the bike your looking for .
the bikes themselves have been above expectation .
this is a great dealership and i would recommend it to anyone .
thanks guys .
always super friendly and helpful !
picked up new riding gloves saturday on our ride !
the entire staff went above and beyond to treat us special .
thanks again !
informative , patient , no pressure and just a cool dude .
nothing beats solid customer service .
best customer service ever !
i have always had good service here .
he deserves a call out for good service .
one of the cashiers named cat is also especially helpful and friendly .
good customer service .
i am so impressed with the pharmacy staff at this location !
they consistently exceed my expectations .
they have done this numerous times for me in the past as well .
these guys were honest and did tight work on my car .
highly recommend these guys !
this place is awesome .
we are impressed !
thank you !
this place is fantastic !
they had me out within _num_ min and provided terrific service !
so glad i found this place !
honest guys with really reasonable prices .
i 've always received awesome , honest service .
top notch place and the prices are reasonable !
and , by the way , the waiting room is really great too .
good coffee and fast internet .
pretty amazing !
outstanding service !
they were very patient and answered my many questions .
honest and operate with integrity .
mike and his staff have always been honest and fair with all my repairs .
not the cheapest , but definitely the most thorough .
these guys are really great .
he was very helpful , friendly , and trustworthy .
way to do the right thing !
david was great !
thank you david !
thank you for saving my weekend .
well i must say their bakery was impressive .
i also got a few other pastries for the next day 's breakfast .
the outside patio is a nice place to read the paper in the morning .
but for a great gourmet meal it is the place !
it 's true you ca n't afford the milk here .
i love aj 's .
their meat and produce are consistently excellent .
i am a big fan !
had just what i needed and always very friendly and helpful .
always friendly and smiling !
thanks !
a great wine pairing idea .
their magic bars have stayed consistent .
the meat section was nice .
it 's $ _num_ for a large and it 's quite refreshing .
aj 's is a remarkable place !
a wide array of different foods that are all the best and finest choices !
i love that this store is right down the street from my house !
aj 's is a great store .
they have a little bakery section with absolutely amazing desserts .
their selection of fresh fruits , vegetables , etc ... is fantastic .
samples !
i adore samples of food while shopping !
i love everything about this place .
also a very decent craft beer selection too .
there is something for everyone .
so is the tiramisu cake .
aj 's has the best coffee and ice tea .
the service is great !
love this place .
coming to aj 's is always pleasant .
i love this place .
this is a wonderful fresh market and upscale food to order place .
everything is great .
great place to find some tasty goods that are difficult to locate elsewhere !
they have plenty of outdoor seating for you to enjoy what you just purchased .
so , he loves aj 's because he gets lots of attention and petting .
this place makes me love to grocery shop .
so many high end , yummy things .
expensive , but amazing .
like there bbq area , they make the best kobe burger for the price !
overall the store is high end but well worth the price .
this is a great little store , with a very nice wine section .
it is the best gourmet store i 've ever seen .
they really do it right !
fresh flaky pastries , scrumptious pumpkin goodies ( the cheesecake , my goodness ! )
the staff is very friendly as always .
definitely try their prickly pear iced tea with an orange !
the place holds up to it 's name with fine foods .
the customer service and employee knowledge is also exemplary .
love , love & love michelle in the bakery department !
the cake she made , completely made up for it !
so yummy !
it goes past making shopping tolerable to enjoyable .
aj 's stores are consistently good .
another treat at this store is the great hot fresh entrees you can purchase .
enjoy .
some of the best sushi around , and they have a sushi happy hour .
very good and very inexpensive .
their cake is good .
plus , it 's inexpensive !
great little dessert area and prepared food area .
nice beer and wine section .
best place for a kobe burger !
love this place !
love aj 's !
staff is always so personable and friendly .
yeah baby !
i love aj 's .
hugh fresh fruit and vegetable section .
love this place .
always offering fresh nice options .
all in all , it 's a fun store to explore .
what a wonderful person that young man is !
amazing customer service !
love the deli here .
it is always clean with good food choices .
the candies and pastries are great also .
this is my favorite local nail salon .
it always feels friendly and welcoming .
i 'm a loyal customer .
this is my new go to place for fancy toes .
she is amazing !
the staff is friendly and they make you feel comfortable .
the shop is always clean and bright .
i recommend valley nails to all my friends !
check it out !
nice place , very clean .
and friendly atmosphere ... ... .
will be back !
the girl who did my pedicure did a great job .
this is an updated review for my favorite nail salon .
the new tile floor also adds additional polish to the place .
long story short , this place is great .
they are always quick and still do a really good job .
staff is always very accommodating and allow walk-ins which is wonderful for my schedule !
love this place .
very clean and professional .
great job ladies .
this place is great !
they always take such great care of me and my daughter !
they are friendly and provide excellent service !
over _num_ years and it 's still my favorite nail salon .
the girls here are great and i always leave with happy fingers and toes !
a very clean and calm environment .
they truly care about their customers and customer satisfaction with every visit .
i do n't and wo n't go anywhere else - valley nails is great .
the mani and pedi service is great and the gel nail options are plentiful .
my favorite place to get my nails done .
the technicians do an excellent job and the salon is always clean and comfortable .
she was so nice and personable !
i will definitely return to valley nails .
they look great .
very clean and service was great .
the salon is clean and everyone is always nice .
always a pleasure !
and i receive tons of compliments , thanks to joanna !
thank you !
prices are very reasonable and staff was super friendly .
which i love !
most nail techs do n't ask or care .
i definitely recommend valley nails .
bee & may are amazing .
spa like environment - lab coats are cute .
our servers were all very attentive , though not pushy .
everything was excellent ; my party ate every last bite .
both are outstanding !
i will be back !
my new favorite indian cuisine in chandler !
worth giving it a shot .
the selection is large and the food is hot and fresh .
i highly recommend .
the price is good too .
a great place to take first timers who are afraid of indian food .
everything was delicious !
very good food , great service .
the service was as good as the last time we were there .
cozy place to have a nice meal , reasonable price .
i went to india gate with my boyfriend and had a great experience .
both were undoubtedly delicious .
it was pretty good .
taste was good .
the food is always on point and we are always greeted with a smile .
nice selection of food .
price is good and naan is delicious .
great service each time we visit .
great naan bread .
pretty decent indian at a good price .
ah very good .
let 's see , yummy , yummy , yummy and , yummy .
rice pudding .
also the food is really flavorful and delicious !
very good lunch specials !
i went here for dinner and had a great meal .
i will definitely come back to try some more new , delicious meals .
delicious indian food buffet !
it 's affordable and the service was nice too .
each side dish on the platter was great to sample .
nick and candy are both super friendly and give excellent service .
my experiences here have been great !
the business is owned and ran by a lovely couple .
they take their time and give great service .
they are friendly and talkative unlike some other nail salons .
i highly recommend !
what a gem .
i will definitely be back .
the service was amazing and the quality of the work was second to none !
nick took his time and made my nails perfect .
nick made sure that every detail was just right .
i give them _num_ perfectly manicured thumbs up !
love this place !
the staff was very friendly and my nails turned out fantastic .
very professional service .
they really care about each and every client , ask about family .
they are an honest business , great prices !
awesome place !
made me feel like he knew me my whole life .
i will be back !
love this little family owned shop !
the man working on my nails was extremely kind .
nick is great at doing nails .
his wife seems to be very professional and genuine as well .
love this place .
it 's a family run business .
both husband and wife are awesome with their hands .
yeah they are that nice.
try it & you 'll love it !
this place was great !
great job on my nails , got a pedicure and manicure .
color selection was good .
she really knows how to do hair .
they are consistent , do a great job , and are both really nice .
she always does an excellent job .
reasonable prices and great work .
good job .
he is a wonderful person with a great attitude and plenty of golf knowledge .
this is one of the most helpful stores when you want to try clubs !
best lemonade around !
i came to phoenix and discovered that this place was closed down !
this toys r us is by far my favorite .
they were friendly and absolutely went the extra mile !
we found this place through priceline and were pleasantly surprised .
very nice .
the rooms are very clean and seem really updated .
the staff is extremely nice and helpful , and the breakfast is pretty good .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
love this place !
everything tasted fresh and looked prepared with love .
the italian po boy was excellent .
pleasantly surprised at the quality and portion size of my lunch .
service was great and the price was right .
great food at reasonable prices .
happy eating !
and it was delicious .
i recommend just for that .
plus they 're chips and cookies are really good .
it always is .
maybe someone from yelp will come keep me company next time !
best salad bar ever !
always get delicious deli food here .
subs are excellent , lots to choose from , and fast & friendly service .
the bread was perfect .
i come here for lunch a lot and it 's always been good .
i always get the same thing , the club lite and it 's amazing .
i will definitely return !
mediterranean wrap is so good !
great service and fresh foods for a reasonable price .
but it is good and you keep eating !
it is very clean , organized and quick which is important for lunchtime .
the staff was friendly and helpful and the food was fresh .
free frozen yogurt with a purchase of your meal !
sandwiches and soups are always delicious .
they promptly corrected it and apologized .
great place to eat .
food always taste fresh .
this deli offers fresh fare that appears to be made daily .
love this place !
clean , good , quick !
thank you !
this little chain is inexpensive with good food .
others in the group said their sandwiches and salads were very good .
the place was clean and the service was above average .
always satisfied with all the food and the service .
great place to come .
they are pretty accurate on delivering the right meal for each person .
i love this place !
they make great food and sandwiches .
i always order their jane baked potato and it 's wonderful .
customer service here is great .
will definitely come again and again .
clean , good service .
it actually felt good to go out into the _num_ degree weather .
good food at reasonable prices for the area .
good variety of flavorful soups .
love the food there , and it perfectly met my expectations .
came here for lunch on a business trip and the place was packed .
the staff was so friendly !
the food is great and comes out quickly .
best law firm in arizona .
thanks everyone !
everyone there was very nice and helpful .
they are great !
they stand up for you and do what is right for you .
communicated with us every step of the way .
his staff responded sincerely and promptly to me as well .
having mr. brown on my side made this process feel easy .
everything about the chandler london gold is perfect !
they are friendly & attentive .
the quality of jewelry & the time spent with customers to me is unique !
very sleek and a bit out of a place in this mall .
the difference is , of course , atmosphere and customer service .
great job , finish line !
they made the perfect ice cream cake for my daughter 's birthday party .
a good stop after a movie .
the staff is friendly and fast , and the location is clean .
the offerings are understated but classy .
and you know christmas is right around the corner .
they make me feel important .
it was my first trip and i had a lovely time !
more as in i definitely got myself something too .
they have such a variety !
the store manager is soooo nice , helpful and kind .
i always go to aveda !
the tea is delicious but last time it was not hot or even warm .
they are expensive but completely worth it .
every product they offer is delicious and addicting .
they have the best fast food pretzels and a good selection of flavors .
great place .
and the guy inside , i think he owns it , loves his candy .
hello kitty + candy !
i just love the clothes .
love the kids that work there .
they are so helpful and nice .
love the service .
great clothes and accessories for both male and female !
loved shopping there and would be back !
thanks again !
this store is fun !
extremely friendly service , nice products and really cool things too !
was really happy with the way i was treated here .
little pricey on things but some are worth it !
very nice staff .
i love this place .
thank you robin .
i love this store .
i am writing this review because i had an amazing experience with mark .
definitely a _num_ star employee .
i get it !
but your concierge is so nice.
dear apple , thank you for consistently surprising me with your service .
love , me .
apple stores and service rock .
i 'll definitely be back !
the genius bar is extremely helpful here .
they are very knowledgeable and entertaining .
other than that is was a great experience .
i 'm happy to be part of the apple family .
other than this issue , the staff is always incredibly friendly and helpful .
i 'm definitely an apple fan !
its a great place to bring your children when they are riding your nerves .
impressive customer service .
adam worked with me to replace my phone .
thank you !
love this store .
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful .
the transaction was smooth and fantastic and the employee was nothing short of awesome !
they are the best of all the apple stores i have been to .
great customer service at this location .
wow !
i 'm super impressed !
pretty honest people here .
amazing customer service !
thanks !
was knowledgeable and able to solve our phone issues !
they give me outstanding customer service as if i am a really valued customer .
i will definitely keep on doing business with this apple store in the future !
he performed at top level and made us happy to have mac products .
keep up the good work !
they are crazy busy even on a weekday but the wait is worth it .
this location will always be the location i will go to .
a huge thanks goes to this store !
keep up the excellent customer service .
great store !
really clean , great service , and they fixed my iphone !
overall clean store really great people .
so make an appointment !
this seems to be the best way to get help .
the store was clean and high energy .
_num_ overall , amazing !
thank you to those who helped me - i seriously appreciate you so much !
bought my engagement ring here .
the sales woman was very polite and a true professional .
she kept me within my budget and helped us find a beautiful ring .
the people are nice , and the prices are average .
i 'm always happy with the results .
i have also had a facial their and it was amazing .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
any brand every color with full bottles !
very clean salon and friendly staff .
my nails are amazing every time !
amazing job every time !
very clean salon !
i recommend them to all my clients even if it is a drive !
i walked in without an appointment and they were happy to fit me in .
i got a pedicure and they did a great job !
i was very happy with my experience .
they have a huge dress department with a great variety of designers .
i 'll take it .
good service , and found plenty of nice clothing over the years .
i have to say so far i am very happy here .
the staff was still helpful and friendly .
that is really above and beyond .
_num_ % off everything !
happy me !
haha , might even come back after today , happy shopping everyone !
they also have a great christmas section with department _num_ and other collectibles .
good place to shop .
so much caught my eye .
great inventory and of course a great sale ( _num_ % off ) .
i managed to buy only one top !
the store is usually kept organized and clean .
they are so beautiful and come in an array of seasonal colors .
stella is thorough and it 's apparent that she cares about her customers .
her customer service far exceeds those experienced in other department stores .
she blew us away with her knowledge and kindness .
they are so beautiful and come in an array of seasonal colors .
stella is thorough and it 's apparent that she cares about her customers .
her customer service far exceeds those experienced in other department stores .
customer service is personal and genuine and the prices are good .
the end result turned out better that i could have ever imagined .
thanks eric ... .
eric is the best .
absolutely the best !
always a pleasure to work with and pays attention to all the details .
and he has a great selection !
he did and i love it !
my parents are happy in heaven too .
eric was very helpful and did a wonderful job .
thank you !
great service and great work .
thanks for your expertise eric !
the good egg came as a pleasant surprise .
loved this place for breakfast .
the service was fast and friendly .
the coffee is good too , not weak like most places .
i love this place .
lord they are all so good in different ways .
if you like mushrooms i recommend the mushroom caps .
they are stuffed with cheese and amazing .
love this place !
food quality seemed good and portion sizes were very good .
this is one of the best places to get breakfast in the area .
typically go here once a weekend and ca n't complain about the service .
the family and i went to the good egg today for brunch .
the jam at the table is also very good !
definitely a place we will frequent from time to time for breakfast/brunch .
staff was very friendly and location very clean .
very flavorful and filling .
the service was also very friendly and prompt .
delicious .
the prices are okay too , especially if you use their stamp card program .
best breakfast in west chandler !
what a nice surprise .
clean , great friendly service and excellent food .
the place has a home like feel and reminded me of the midwest .
the menu was big and had a great variety .
looked like a quesadilla and tasted great .
potatoes well cooked .
omelette well made .
great , friendly service .
very good food .
the food here makes it worth the trip and the wait .
the skillets were awesome and the crepes ... they looked fantastic .
here 's a good place to eat for breakfast and/or lunch .
overall good food and good service .
the staff here is super friendly and they always remember the regulars .
plus the food is great and they do n't mind custom orders or substitutions .
if they have the ingredients they will make it .
we 've been there twice and each time he was kind and courteous .
and as for the food it was wonderful as well .
solid consistent food .
great service and quick - on a friday morning though so not too crazy .
highly recommend !
good breakfast spot for a weekday !
nice and quick service .
my daughter also loved the free wifi .
other than that a great experience .
love this place .
good food , fast service .
great staff .
take out is real fast .
good protein breakfast .
the food here is always good , but the customer service is fabulous !
they are always friendly and smiling .
and the biscuits and gravy are excellent .
their food 's delicious !
my waitress jen was very kind .
the food was spectacular and reasonably priced .
the service was great and i left full .
had a great breakfast yesterday off of their new menu .
love the new kale apple drink !
fantastic food in a comfortable atmosphere .
excellent service , too .
everything was delicious and very well-priced .
we 'll certainly eat here again next time we 're in town .
overall , good breakfast place .
my go-to breakfast spot for the family .
good kids menu .
some breakfast restaurants have greasy food but the food here is light and delicious .
good breakfast and good service .
a solid _num_ stars for the family .
was a good breakfast and the pancakes were really good .
would recommend this place .
this place was great and everything i could 've asked for in a breakfast !
i had my first eggs benedict here and it was amazing !
the place is really cute inside and the people working there were extremely nice !
really enjoyed this place and would recommend it to anyone !
customer service is ok .
other than that , i love this place .
good food .
it has delicious eggs and pancakes .
everything on the menu looked delicious .
delicious !
will definitely return !
they are all very good and super filling .
service is awesome and they are all super friendly .
but overall , i still recommend this place .
delicious !
friendly attentive service !
service is courteous , timely and they seem to actually care about your experience .
good menu selections and the cooks have attention to detail .
i love this location !
chris is awesome and friendly perfect for my non morning person attitude .
puts a smile on my face !
so for that reason , this location is cool in my book .
put that credit card in my hand .
then you can go and go and go !
great customer service !
i was really impressed by the customer service i received at this store .
lowes , you made my day !
see ya there !
close to work and home , so i make frequent visits here .
like the set up and it always seems to be very clean and organized .
i loved the selection in plants they had .
these guys went the extra mile in providing a great deal and fast service .
multiple sales people have dedicated much time to work and problem solve with us .
wow , what a difference from my last review .
keep up the great work .
i love my lowe 's store !
rubios i love you .
you are my favorite .
the mahi grilled is great also .
i always enjoy my local rubios .
they know us by name and always greet us with a smile !
not to mention their food is always good !
the tables are clean .
there are a lot of families that come here .
the person taking your order will often bring the food to you .
i would travel miles to eat here !
and i enjoy lunch and dinner on the same day .
this place is the best !
not only is the food fantastic but the service is too !
the manager jeremy is so friendly and helpful .
it is that simple .
i love this place .
it 's tasty .
the staff is usually very nice and the food comes out fresh and hot .
i love the beans and salsa bar , too .
tasty burrito , good service .
word to the wise : it is crowded during lunch time !
but damn worth the wait !
go for the best !
quick clean fish tacos , good bean burritos .
food was good as usual .
maybe good mid fast food option .
service is always good .
they always have great food .
i dream about them sometimes !
not only is the food fresh and tasty , their customer service is exceptional .
everyone is friendly and polite .
i ca n't recommend this place enough !
mercedes is usually there , and she is super nice .
outstanding food , outstanding service - everything was tasty and fresh .
these guys are the best for fish tacos .
a fun stop on a long road .
incredible place , friendly helpful staff and reasonable prices .
excellent customer service and communication .
love this place !
thanks thing shop !
will definitely be back for more !
their yard has old vw 's and some electric items .
just love this place .
friendly service and easy parking make this a very regular breakfast spot .
i recommend `` lucy '' as your server .
i 'm here right now !
another wonderful experience at freeway chevrolet , thanks to lisa for her help !
but thanks for treating me like an idiot .
the gm mike is a great guy and very committed to customer service .
the people who work there are friendly .
a very good customer service visit from my point of view .
great service .
james , the service guy , was great .
i 've recommended freeway to several people .
excellent customer service .
they are professional , courteous , and spot-on with their service .
they were so nice !
kudos to you , scott and crew !
easy in and out service .
great experience with the parts department overall .
chris esquire at freeway chevrolet thank you .
thank you again !
always outstanding treatment by all of the staff .
great sales staff and the service is always top notch .
excellent service , good communication and does not `` push '' additional services .
what brings me back is the service department .
it 's this service that brings me back .
scott is always so nice and helpful .
i appreciate his excellent customer service .
best car buying experience i have ever had .
jim rule was the best associate to ever work with .
honored the warranty and got my finance 's car running great .
above and beyond .
chris esquire in service is absolutely the top man there .
he 's the greatest !
the service was fast , the price was fair and all went well .
craig took great care of me and my vehicle .
prompt and professional !
i will be back , thank you so much for the help !
this is what car buying should be .
process in an out quick what a great job to this place .
the cashiers here are super nice and are very courteous .
minute clinic is open on weekends as well .
i have always had pretty good experiences at this location of cvs .
the overall layout of this cvs store is nice .
it is really easy to find what you are looking for .
overall i would recommend this pharmacy to friends living in the area .
super fast and easy !
thanks megan !
making your company and store look amazing !
these guys are pros , and honest .
these guys are great from the top on down !
best wishes for your continued success !
service is professional and knowledgeable .
no but actually they are really friendly and helpful .
these guys are great !
thanks guys !
wow !
thank you home depot .
great place .
very personable people .
what sets this location apart from others is the people .
everyone i speak with or ask questions of has been excellent and very personable .
i definitely enjoy coming here !
great for all your gardening needs .
so nice to know there are honest people out there .
thanks !
his positive attitude and willingness to assist made the visit very accommodating .
highly recommend this place ; great service and great items .
thank you for making my afternoon a little easier !
always a good experience at this home depot .
this home depot always gets the job done .
what a pleasant experience for such an affordable price .
it is also in a very convenient location as well !
the beds are great ad the rooms were nice .
very comfortable bed and our stay here was worth _num_ stars .
will definitely come back .
shower was great and everything worked in the room correctly .
fitness center was great considering its in a hotel .
i would recommend this hotel to fellow travelers .
great experience !
front desk staff was great , very welcoming and friendly .
( win ! )
the staff was also friendly and helpful .
my wife , her family , and my kids love him to death too .
he always gets you in whenever you need it and his staff is nice .
i 'm very happy with dr patel .
he actually listens to and talks to patients !
dr. patel is a great doctor , and very informative .
best doctor i 've ever had , no crazy wait times either .
i strongly recommend checking him out if you are looking for a doctor .
excellent experience with dr. patel and his staff .
very professional and caring doctor .
i highly recommend dr. patel !
best doctor i 've ever been to .
he is thorough and actually remembers who you are every time you come in .
his office also gets you in same day usually .
we love dr. patel !
we love him !
dr. patel is amazing like everyone else has said .
thanks dr. patel !
wow !
already recommended to a friend .
